A Grouch escapes so many little annoyances that it
almost pays to be one.
                        --Kin Hubbard--

If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament!
                        --Florynce Kennedy--

Admiration:  Our polite recognition of another's
             resemblance to ourselves.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Advertising may be described as the science of
arresting human intelligence long enough to
get money from it.
                        --Stephen Leacock--

Advertising is 85 percent confusion and
15 percent commission.
                        --Fred Allen--

Advertising is a valuable economic factor because
it is the cheapest way of seeling goods, particularly
if the goods are worthless.
                        --Sinclair Lewis--

Advertising is legalized lying.
                        --H. G. Wells--

An alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks
as much as you do.
                        --Dylan Thomas--

Judges, as a class, display, in the matter of arranging
alimony, that reckless generosity which is found only
in men who are giving away someone else's cash.
                        --P. G. Wodehouse--

Every major horror of history was committed in the name
of an altruistic motive.  Has any act of selfishness
ever equalled the carnage perpetrated by disciples
of altruism?
                        --Ayan Rand--

In our country we have those three unspeakably
precious things: freedom of speech, freedom of
conscience, and the prudence never to practice
either.
                        --Mark Twain--

In America sex is an obsession, in other parts of
the world it is a fact.
                        --Marlene Dietrich--

America is the greatest of opportunities and the
worst of influences.
                        --George Santayana--

The discovery of America was the occasion of the
greatest outburst of cruelty and reckless greed
known in history.
                        --Joseph Conrad--

The genius of you Americans is that you never
make clear-cut stupid moves, only complicated
stupid moves which make us wonder at the possi-
bility that there may be something to them which
we are missing.
                        --Gamal Abdel Nasser--

Animals have these advantages over man: they
have no theologians to instruct them, their
funerals cost them nothing, and no one starts
lawsuits over their wills.
                        --Voltaire--

There is no underestimating the intelligence
of the American public.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Democracy is the are of running the circus
from the monkey cage.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Perhaps the most revolting character that the United
States ever produced was the Christian business man.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

The trouble with New York is that it has no
nationality at all.  It is simply a sort of free port --
a place where the raw materials of civilization are
received, sorted out, and sent further on.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Texas is the place where there are the most cows and
the least milk and the most rivers and the least
water in them, and where you can look the farthest
and see the least.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Baseball has the great advantage over cricket of
being sooner ended.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

It ain't those parts of the Bible that I can't under-
stand that bother me, it's the parts that I do
understand.
                        --Mark Twain--

So far as I can remember, there is not one word
in the Gospels in praise of intelligence.
                        --Bertrand Russell--

Scriptures....The sacred books of our holy religion,
as distinguished from the false and profane writings
on which all other faiths are based.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

The inspiration of the Bible depends on the ignorance
of the person who reads it.
                        --Robert G. Ingersoll--

No one recovers from the disease of being born; a
deadly wound if there ever was one.
                        --E. M. Cioran--

The trouble with born-again Christians is that they
are an even bigger pain the second time around.
                        --Herb Caen--

He's a born-again Christian.  The trouble is, he
suffered brain damage during rebirth.
                        --Anonymous--

The fact that boys are allowed to exist at all is evidence of a
remarkable Christian forebearance among men.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Boyys are capital fellows in their own way, among their
mages; but they are unwholesome companions for grown people.
                        --Charles Lamb--

It's silly to go on pretending that under the skin
we are all brothers.  The truth is more likely that
under the skin we are all cannibals, assassins,
traitors, liars and hypocrites.
                        --Henry Miller--

Bureaucracy is a giant mechanism operated by pygmies.
                        --Honore' De Balzac--

Chastity: the most unnatural of the sexual perversions.
                        --Aldous Huxley--

Chastity always takes its toll.  In some it produces
pimples; in others, sex laws.
                        --Karl Kraus--

One of the serious obstacles to the improvement
of our race is indiscrimiate charity.
                        --Andrew Carnegie--

Chess is a foolish expedient for making idle people
believe they are doing something very clever when
they are only wasting their time.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Chess is as elaborate a waste of human intelligence
as you can find outside an advertising agency.
                        --Raymond Chandler--

There are three terrible ages of childhood -- 1 to
10, 10 to 20, and 20 to 30.
                        --Cleveland Amory--

The secret of dealing successfully with a child
is not to be its parent.
                        --Mell Lazarus--

The best way to keep children at home is to make
the home atmosphere pleasant -- and let the air
out of the tires.       --Dorothy Parker--

A child is a curly, dimpled lunatic.
                        --Ralph Waldo Emerson--

We are given children to test us and make us
more spiritual.         --George F. Will--

Christ died for our sins.  Dare we make his
martyrdom meaningless by not committing them?
                        --Jules Feiffer--

If Christ were here now there is one thing he
would not be -- A Christian.
                        --Mark Twain--

The last Christian died on the cross.
                        --Anonymous--

Organized Christianity has probably done more to
retard the ideals that were its founder's than
any other agency in the world.
                        --Richard LeGallienne--

Of learned men, the clergy show the lowest development
of professional ethics.  Any pastor is free to steal
customers from the divines of rival sects, and to
denounce the divines themselves as theological quacks.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

A clergyman is one who feels himself called upon to
live without working at the expense of the rascals
who work to live.       --Voltaire--

Communism is like one big phone company.
                        --Lenny Bruce--

It could probably be shown be facts and figures that there
is no distinctively native American criminal class --
except Congress.        --Mark Twain--

Conservative......A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as
                  distinguished from a liberal, who wishes to
                  replace them with others.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

Convictions are more dangerous enemies of truth than lies.
                        --Nietzsche--

Corporation......An ingenious device for obtaining individual
                 profit without individual responsibility.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Critics are like eunuchs in a harem; they know how its done,
they've seen it done every day, but they're unable to do it
themselves.             --Brendan Behan--

Critics are a dissembling, dishonest, contemptible
race.  Asking a working writer wht he thinks about
critics is likd asking a fire plug what it feels
about dogs.             --John Osborne--

The power of accurate observation is commonly called
cynicism by those who have not got it.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Democracy encourages the majority to decide things
about which the majority is blissfully ignorant.
                        --John Simon--

The substitution of election by the incompetent many
for appointment by the corrupt few properly describes
the institution of Democracy.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Democracy becomes a government of bullies, barely
tempered by editors.    --Laurence J. Peters--

One of the most common of all diseases is diagnosis.
                        --Karl Kraus--

Doctors are just the same as lawyers; the only
difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas
doctors rob you and kill you too.
                        --Anton Chekhov--

Men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made
stupid by education.    --Bertrand Russell--

We are shut up in schools and college recitation
rooms for ten or fifteen years, and come out at
last with a bellyful of words and do not know
a thing.                --Ralph Waldo Emerson--

Education is a method whereby one acquires a
higher grade of prejudices.
                        --Laurence J. Peter--

Equality may perhaps be a right, but no power on
earth can ever turn it into a fact.
                        --Honore' de Balzac--

We learn from experience that men never learn
anything from experience.  -- Oscar Wilde--

No one is completely unhappy at the failure of
his best friend.        --Groucho Marx--

Faith.....Belief without evidence inwhat is told by
          one sho speaks without knowledge, of things
          without parallel.  --Ambrose Bierce--

Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief
in the occurrence of the improbable.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows
that faith does not prove anything.
                        --Nietzsche--

The most common of all follies is to believe passionately
in the palpably not true.  It is the chief occupation of
mankind.                --H. L. Mencken--

When I can no longer bear to think of the
victims of broken homes, I begin to think of the
victims of intact ones.   --Peter DeVries--

Always forgive your enemies -- Nothing annoys them so much.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

France is th only couontry where the money falls
apart and you can't tear the toilet paper.
                        --Billy Wilder--

What I gained by being in France was learning to
be better satisfied with my own country.
                        --Samual Johnson--

France?  I would have loved it -- without the French.
                        --D. H. Lawrence--

When people are free to do as they please, they
usually imitate each other.   --Eric Hoffer--

Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of
leisure activity.       --Mortimer Adler--

If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot
stomping on a human face -- forever.
                        --George Orwell--

"Gay" used to be one of the most agreeable words in
the language.  Its appropriation by a notably morose
group is an act of piracy.
                        --Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr.--

When a true genius appears in the world you may
know him by this sign:  that all the dunces are
in confederacy against him.  --Jonathon Swift--

Gentility is what is left over from rich ancestors
after the money is gone.   --John Ciardi--

The only excuse for God is that he doesn't exist.
                        --Stendhal--

God seems to have left the receiver off the hook
and time is running out.   --Arthur Koestler--

It takes a long while for a naturally trustful person
to reconcile himself to the idea that after all God
will not help him.      --H. L. Mencken--

He (God) seems to have an inordinate fondness for beetles.
                        --J. B. S. Haldane--

The good die young -- because they see it's no use living
if you've got to be good.    --John Barrymore--

On the whole, human beings want to be good, but
not too good and not quite all the time.
                        --George Orwell--

It is almost impossible systematically to constitue a natural
moral law.  Nature has no principles.  She furnishes us with
no reason to believe that human life is to be respected.
Nature, in her indifference, makes no disctinction between
good and evil.          --Anatole France--

Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of
a good example.         --Mark Twain--

A government is the only know vessel that leaks from the top.
                        --James Reston--

Every government is run by liars and nothing they say
should be believed.     --I. F. Stone--

In general, the art of government consists in taking
as much money as possible from one class of the
citizens to give to the other.   --Voltaire--
Also a good definition of the Democratic Party.

Government is an association of men who do violence
to the rest of us.      --Leo Tolstoy--

Gratitude is merely the secret hope of further favors.
                        --Anonymous--

History is a set of lies agreed upon.
                        --Napoleon Bonaparte--

History repeats itself; that's one of the things that's
wrong with history.     --Clarence Darrow--

We learn from history that we do not learn from history.
                        --G. F. Wilhelm Hegel--

On the whole history tends to be rather poor fiction --
except at its best.     --Gore Vidal--

An historian is nothing more than an unsuccessful novelist.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

History would be a wonderful thing -- if only it were true.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Holidays are an expensive trial of strength.  The only
satisfaction comes from survival.   --Jonathan Miller--

The Holy Roman Empire was neither holy, nor Roman, nor an
Empire.                 --Voltaire--

Hope in reality is the worst of all evils, because it
prolongs the torments of man.    --Nietzsche--

There are times when you hav to choose between being human
and having good taste.  --Bertoldt Brecht--

It is easier to denature plutonium than to denature the
evil spirit of man.     --Albert Einstein--

No doubt Jack the Ripper excused himself on the grounds
that it was human nature.    --A. A. Milne--

If I could get my membership fee back, I'd resign
from the human race.    --Fred Allen--

The chief obstacle to the progress of the human race
is the human race.      --Don Marquis--

Humility is no substitue for a good personality.
                        --Fran Lebowitz--

When a man wants to murder a tiger he calls it sport;
when a tiger wants to murder him he calls it ferocity.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

A sportsman is a man who, every now and then, simply
has to go out and kill something.   --Stephen Leacock--

The fascination of shooting as a sport depends almost
wholly on whether you are at the right or wrong end
of the gun.             --P. G. Wodehouse--

A husband is wha't left of the lover once the nerve
has been extracted.     --Helen Rowland--

An ounce of hypocrisy is worth a pound of ambition.
                        --Michael Korda--

Impiety....Your irreverence toward my deity.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Insanity.....A perfectly rational adjustment to the
             insane world.   --R. D. Laing--

Ireland has the honor of being the only country which never
persecuted the Jews -- because whe never let any in.
                        --James Joyce--

I showed my appreciation of my native land in the usual Irish
way by getting out of it as soon as I possibly could.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

The Irish are a fair people -- they never speak well of
one another.            --Samual Johnson--

The Jews are a frightened people.  Twenty centuries of
Christian love have broken down their nerves.
                        --Israel Zangwill--

There is much to be said in favor of modern journalism.  By
giving us the opinions of the uneducated, it keeps us in
touch with the ignorance of the community.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

Justice.....A commodity which in a more or less adulterated
           condition the State sells to the citizen as a
           reward for his allegiance, taxes and personal
           service.     --Ambrose Bierce--

Kill one man and you are a murderer.  Kill millions and you
are a conqueror.  Kill everyone and you are a God.
                        --Jean Rostand-

Every law is and infraction of liberty.
                        --Jeremy Bentham--

Lawyer.....One skilled in the circumvention of the law.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Lawyer.....One who protects us against robbery by taking
           away the temptation.      --H. L Mencken--

Layers are the only person in whom ignorance of the law
is not punished.        --Jeremy Bentham--

If law school is so hard to get through....how come there
are so many lawyers?    --Calvin Trillin--

Lawyers, I suppose, were children once.
                        --Charles Lamb--

Lawyers are ... operators of the toll bridge which anyone
in search of justice must cross.
                        --Jane Bryant Quinn--

Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting
before you get tired.   --Jules Renard--

It is always the best policy to tell the truth, unless
of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.
                        --Jerome K. Jerome--

The liberals can understand everything but people who
don't understand them.  --Lenny Bruce--

Liberal......A power worshipper without power.
                        --George Orwell--

A liberal is a person whose interests aren't at stake
at the moment.          --Willis Player--

A liberal is a man too broadminded to take his own
side in a quarrel.      --Robert Frost--

Liberty means responsibility; that is why most men
dread it.               --George Bernard Shaw--

Liberty doesn't work as well in practice as it does
in speeches.            --Will Rogers--

Life does not cease to be funny when people die and more than it
ceases to be serious when people laugh.  --George Bernard Shaw--

Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luch, a good physique and
not too much imagination.   --Christopher Isherwood--

Love is the most subtle form of self-interest.
                        --Holbrook Jackson--

Many a man in love with a dimple makes the mistake of marrying
the whole girl.         --Stephen Leacock--

It's possible to love a human being if you don't know them
too well.               --Charles Bukowski--

What is irritating about love is that it is a crime that
requires an accomplice.  --Charles Baudelaire--

When two people are under the influence of the most
violent, most insane, most delusive, and most transient
of passions, they are required to swear that they will
remain in htat excited, abnormal and exhausting condition
until death do them part.    --George Bernard Shaw--

Martyrdom is the only way in which a man can become
famous without ability.      --George Bernard Shaw--

Don't knock masturbation -- it's sex with someone I love!
                        --Woody Allen--

When it is a question of money, everybody is of
the same religion.      --Voltaire--

Virtue has Never been as respectable as money.
                        --Mark Twain--

Go into the street and give one man a lecture on morality and
another a dollar, and see which will respect you most.
                        --Samuel Johnson--

If you must choose between living with your mother-in-law
and blowing your brains out, don't hesitate -- blow out hers!
                        --Victorien Sardou--

Obscenity is what happens to shock some elderly and
ignorant magistrate.    --Bertrand Russell--

Obscenity is whatever gives a judge an erection.
                        --Anonymous--

The optimist thinks that this is the best of all possible
worlds, and the pessimist knows it.
                        --J. Robert Oppenheimer--

A paranoid is a man who knows a little of what's going on.
                        --William Burroughs--

The only people who seem to have nothing to do with the
education of the children are the parent.
                        --G. K. Chesterton--

Patience........A minor form of despair, disguised as a virtue.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for
trivial reasons.        --Bertrand Russell--

When you hear a man speak of his love for his country, it
is a sign he expects to get paid for it.   --H. L. Mencken--

Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.   --Oscar Wilde--

When there are two conflicting versions of the story,
the wise course is to believe the one in which people
appear at their worst.  --H. Allen Smith--

Pessimist....One who, when he has the choice of two evils,
             chooses both.    --Oscar Wilde--

A pessimist thinks everybody is as nasty as himself, and
hates them for it.      --George Bernard Shaw--

Philosophy teaches us to bear with equanimity the misfortunes
of others.              --Oscar Wilde--

The photographer is like the cod, which produces a million
eggs in order that one may reach maturity.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Politeness.........The most acceptable hypocrisy.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

A good politician is quite as unthinkable as an honest burglar.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

One has to be a lowbrow, a bit of a murderer, to be a
politician, ready and willing to see people sacrificed,
slaughtered, for the sake of an idea, whether a good one
or a bad one.           --Henry Miller--

Take our politicians:  they're a bunch of yo-yos.  The
Presidency is now a cross between a popularity contest
and a high school debate, with an encyclopedia of cliches
the first prize.        --Saul Bellow--

Anybody that wants the presidency so much that he'll spend two
years organizing and campaigning for it is not to be trusted
with the office.        --David Broder--

Politics....Strife of interests masquerading as a contest
            of principles.   --Ambrose Bierce--

The standard of intellect in politics is lo low, men of
moderate mental capacity have to stoop to reach it.
                        --Hillaire Belloc--

All politics are based on the indifference of the majority.
                        --James Reston--

Pray......To ask the laws of the universe be annulled on
          behalf of a single petitioner who confesses his
          unworthiness.   --Ambrose Bierce--

I don't like principles.  I prefer prejudices.  They are more
honest.                 --Oscar Wilde--

A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely
rearranging their prejudices.    --William James--

Psychoanalysis makes quite simple people feel they're complex.
                        --S. N. Behrman--

Freud is the father of psychoanalysis.  It has no mother.
                        --Germaine Greer--

One should respect public opinion insofar as is necessary to
avoid starvation and keep out of prison, but anything that
goes beyond this is voluntary submission to an unnecesssary
tyranny.                --Bertrand Russell--

Ther is only one honest impulse at the bottom of Puritanical
religion, and that is the impulse to punish the man with a
superior capacity for happiness.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're
still a rat.            --Lily Tomlin--

Ronald Reagan.....A Triumph of the embalmer's art.
                        --Gore Vidal--

All reformers, however strict their social conscience, live in
houses just as big as they can pay for.
                        --Logan Pearsall Smith--

Relations are simply a tedious pack of people who haven't got
the remotest knowledge of how to live, nor the smallest instinct
about when to die.      --Oscar Wilde--

All religions are founded on the fear of the many
and the the cleverness of the few.   --Stendahl--

Most religions do not make men better, only warier.
                        --Elias Canetti--

The idea of a good society is something you do not need a
religion and eternal puhishment to buttress; you need a
religion if you are terrified of death.    --Gore Vidal--

Randomness scares people.  Religion is a way to explain
randomness.             --Fran Lebowitz--

Religion is the fashinonable substitue for belief.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in hte
sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his
wife is beautiful and his children smart.   --H. L. Mencken--

Religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for
it trains people as to how they shall think.
                        --Arthur Schopenhauer--

Truth, in matters of religion, is simply the opinion that
that survived.          --Oscar Wilde--

We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough
to make us love one another.    --Jonathan Swift--

Ther was no respect for youth when I was young, and now that I
am old, there is not respect for age.  I missed it coming and
going.                  --J. B. Priestley--

The more things a man is ashamed of, the more respectable he is.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Every revolution evaporates and leaves behind only the
slime of a new bureaucracy.      --Franz Kafka--

Every man thinks God is on his side.  The rich and powerful
Know he is.             --Jean Anouilh--

Any preoccupation with ideas of what is right and wrong in
conduct shows and arrested intellectual development.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

If Geraldo Rivera is the first journalist in space, NASA can
test the effect of weightlessness on weightlessness.
                        --Anonymous but I wish I said it--

Most rock journalism is people who can't write interviewing
people who can't talk for people who can't read.
                        --Frank Zappa--

Romance, like the rabbit at the dog track, is the elusive, fake,
and never attained reward which, for the benefit and amusement of
our masters, keeps us running and thinking in safe circles.
                        --Beverly Jones--

The salary of the chief executive of a large corporation is not a
market award for achievement.  It is frequently in the nature of a
warm personal gesture by the individual to himself.
                        --John Kenneth Galbraith--

School days, I believe, are the unhappiest in the whole span of
human existence.  They are full of dull, unintelligible tasks, new
and unpleasant ordinances, with brutal violations of common sense
and common decency.     --H. L. Mencken--

Self-sacrifice enables us to sacrifice other people without
blushing.               --George Bernard Shaw--

Sex.......The Pleasure is momentary, the position ridiculous, and
          expense damnable.      --Lord Chesterfield--

Is sex dirty?  Only if it's done right.    --Woody Allen--

I respect faith, but doubt is what gets you an education.
                        --Wilson Mizner--

Smoking is, as far as I am concerned, the entire point of being an
adult.  Many people find smoking objectionable.  I myself find many
--even more-- things objectionable.  I do not like aftershave
lotion, adults who roller-skate, children who speak French, or
nayone who is unduly tan.  I do not, however, go around enacting
legislation and putting up signs.       --Fran Lebowitz--

Stupidity is an elemental force for which no earthquake is a match.
                        --Karl Kraus--

If you attack stupidity you attack an entrenched interest with
friends in government and every walk of public life, and you will
make small progress against it.       --Samual Marchbanks--

Moderation is a fatal thing.  Nothing succeeds like excess.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

It is not enough to succeed.  Others must fail.
                        --Gore Vidal--

A Sunday School is a prison in which children so penance for
the evil conscience of their parents.   -- H. L. Mencken --

Like its politicians and its war, society has the teenagers it
deserves.               --J. B. Priestley--

I have only a small flickering light to guide me in the darkness of
a thick forest.  Up comes a theologian and blows it out.
                        --Dennis Diderot--

Few people think more than two or three times a year; I have made an
international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a
week.                   --George Bernard Shaw--

People who have given us their complete confidence believe that they
have a right to ours.  The inference is false; a gift confers no
rights.                 --Nietzsche--

As long as war is looked upon as wicked, it will always have its
fascination.  When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be
popular.                --Oscar Wilde--

Human war has been the most successful of our cultural traditions.
                        --Robert Ardrey--

As far as unwed mothers on welfare are concerned, it seems to me
they must be capable of some other form of labor.   --Al Capp--

I prefer the wicked rather than the foolish.  The wicked sometimes
rest.                   --Alexandre Dumas--

Wickedness is a myth invented by good people to account for the
curious attractiveness of others.    --Oscar Wilde--

Women are like elephants to me -- I like to look at 'em, but I
would'nt want to own one.         --W. C. Fields--

The history of woman is the history of the worst form of tyranny the
world has every known; the tyranny of the weak over the strong.  It
is the only tyranny that lasts.         --Oscar Wilde--

In the fight between you and the world, back the world.
                        --Frank Zappa--

If the world were a logical place, Men would ride side-saddle.
                        --Rita Mae Brown--

The young always have the same problem -- how to rebel and conform
at the same time.  They have now solved this by defying their
parents and copying one another.         --Quentin Crisp--

What is youth except a man or a woman before it is ready or fit to
be seen?                --Evelyn Waugh--

Next to a circus there ain't nothing that packs up and tears out any
quicker than the Christmas spirit.        --Kin Hubbard--

Some quotes from Usenet rec.arts.comics.

"Cerebus can destroy ANYTHING.  Cerebus is the POPE."

"What number is this, Chip?"
"7 A!"
"OK, like don't get excited, man.  It's 'cause I'm short, I know."

"I found this seance to pass the most stringent tests
of credulity, with the minor exception of a phonograph,
which was found under Madame Reynaud's dress."

"It wouldn't be sporting to just run over them... Would it?"
"Yes... Yes, it would!"

"You know, once in a while it is my pleasure, and my privilege to welcome
here at the Refreshment Room some of the truly great international
artists of our time.  And tonight we have one such artist.  Ladies and
gentlemen, someone who I've always personally admired, perhaps more
deeply, more strongly, more ... abjectly than any other performer.
A man, well, more than a man, a god!  A great god, whose personality
is so totally and utterly wonderful, that my feeble words of welcome
sound wretchedly and pathetically inadequate.  Someone whose boots I
would gladly lick clean, until holes wore through my tongue!  A man
who is so totally and utterly wonderful, that I would rather be sealed
in a pit of my own filth than dare tread on the same stage with him!
Ladies and Gentlemen, the incomparably superior human being, Harry Fink!"
"He can't come!"

"A penny for your thoughts?"
"A dollar for your death."

"Any trouble, boy?"
"No, old man.  Thought I was having trouble with my adding.
'T's all right now."

"Exactly how obscene an amount of money were we talking about?
Profane?  Or really offensive?"

"No more rhymes now.  I mean it!"
"Anybody want a peanut?"

"It's no longer a blue world, Max.  Where can we go?"
"Argentina?"

"Bally Jerry, pranged his kite right in the how's-your-father - hairy
blighter, dicky-birded, feathered back on his sammy, took a waspy,
flipped over on his Betty Harper's and caught his can in the Bertie."

"Can you give me a lift back?"
"Ah -- can do.  But won't."

"May I take your trident, sir?"

"Decadent rodent, we will bury you."

He has been known by many names;  the Prince of Lies,
the Director, Lucifer, Belial, and once, at a party,
some obnoxious drunk kept calling him "Dude".

"Round up the usual suspects!"

"Use of unnecessary violence in the apprehension
of the Blues Brothers has been approved."

"Well, I noticed the lad with the thermonuclear device was the Chief
Constable for the area."

"Personally, I was shocked to discover our plastic surgeon was
an alcoholic."
"Yes, he raised quite a few eyebrows."

"Please excuse my wife.  She may appear to be rather nasty,
but underneath she has a heart of formica."

"If we increase the size of the penguin until it is the same height
as the man and then compare the relative brain size, we now find that
the penguin's brain is still smaller.  But, and this is the point,
it is larger than it _was_."

"What a pinhead!  Does he not fear us?!"

"What are your general areas of interests?"
"Aerodynamics.  Designer jeans.  Roofing supplies.  That sort of thing."
"What sort of thing?"
"You know, liquidity.  Point-of-sale.  Margin accounts.  Fast lane."

"The late Mr. Lupner was born without a spine."
"No wonder he has the posture of a boiled shrimp!"

"I've got to concentrate.  I've got to concentrate!
..Hello?
..Echo!
..Pinch hitting for Pedro Borbon, Manny Mota!"

"700 hours of community service work?  Who has that kind of free time?"

"`Psychophallystisis.'"
"Eat hot death, Steve."

"Listen.  Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is
no basis for a system of government!  Supreme executive power derives
from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic
ceremony!"
"Be quiet!"
"You can't expect to wield supreme executive power just 'cause
some watery tart threw a sword at you!"
"Shut up!"
"I mean, if I went around saying I was an emperor, just because
some moistened bint lobbed a scimitar at me, they'd put me away!"

"Happiness is being famous for your financial
ability to indulge in every kind of excess."

"C'mon, Hobbes, if you lend me a buck I'll buy you a comic book."

"Nigel, what are you saying?"
"How do we know he's not Mel Torme?"

COWBOY WALLY BEER
"Real beer.  Manly beer.  Ripsnortin' pukearama.  Dammit."

"What do you say we guys go down to the beach and shoot
some clams?"

If God had wanted us to be concerned for the plight of the toads, he would
have made them cute and furry. 

"Lacquered frog bands are no longer popular with America's influential
trendsetters, Max.  We'd be hosed."

"It's funny, I hate the itching, but I don't mind the swelling."

Arriving home, they learned that Glenn and Edna Catwomb had been
slain by maniacs.

"I don't know what you want here, but I think you should
know that I've killed a LOT of old people in my time,
and I'm not above doing it again."

"And Dinsdale's there in the conversation pit with Doug, and Charles
Paisley, the baby crusher, and a couple of film producers, and a man
they called `Kierkegaard,' who just sat there biting the heads off
whippets."

"Please, don't make me treat you like dogs.  I don't want to
treat you like common dogs."

"It's real handy, havin' an Elder God in the band, eh?"

"I'm afraid I'm going to have to operate.  It's nothing to worry
about, although it is EXTREMELY dangerous."

"Right.  Who's got a boil on his semprini then?"

"Hey Dad, if I saved up my allowance, could I buy a monkey?"
"Of course not!"
"OK, then I won't save up."

"Like all reputable surgeons, I charge by the pound..."

"My cigarette smoke mixed with the smoke of my .38.  If business was
as good as my aim, I'd be on Easy Street.  Instead, I've got an office
on 49th Street and a nasty relationship with a string of collection
agents.
"Yeah, that's me, Tracer Bullet.  I've got eight slugs in me.  One's
lead, and the rest are bourbon.  The drink packs a wallop, and I pack
a revolver.  I'm a private eye.
"Suddenly my door swung open, and in walked trouble.  Brunette, as usual."

"You'd better ask yourself `Do I feel lucky?'
Well, do you, punk?"

"To me it is like a mountain.. a vast BOWL of PUS!"

"Sometimes you just gotta say `what the heck'."

"In accordance with our principles of free enterprise and
healthy competition, I'm going to ask you two to fight to
the death for it."

"I'm sorry, but you must have me confused with some OTHER
plate-lipped white girl named `Irene'."

"It's Czechoslovakia, man!  It's like going into Wisconsin!"

"It seems like once people grow up, they have no idea what's cool."

Ant Boy calmly prepares to execute his new friend ant-style...
by PINCHING OFF HIS HEAD!

"Hey, stewardess.  Run through that seatbelt demonstration
a few more times.  It's unbelievably tricky!"

Every now and then when your life gets complicated and the weasels
start closing in, the only real cure is to load up on heinous chemicals
and then drive like a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas.

"Now it's time to say goodbye.  Please get off my property.  Until
next year!  I suggest you don't dawdle -- the hounds will be released
in 10 minutes."

"...And was head of Gestapo for 10 years.. No!  5 years!..
No!  No!  Nein, was not head of Gestapo at all!  I make joke."

"Van Gogh would've sold more than one painting if he'd put tigers in them."

"MY SENSORS INDICATE TRACE AMOUNTS OF CHOCOLATE IN THE PANTRY.
PLEASE LOAD SOME IN MY SCOOP FOR ANALYSIS."
"No, you'll spoil your appetite."

"MY MISSION MUST NOT FAIL.  PREPARE FOR ANNIHILATION, PITIFUL
EARTH FEMALE."

"I guess test-flying F-20 Tigersharks at Mach 3 all
day has rattled my good manners..."

"You try any preversions in there, and I'll blow your head off."

"LONG LIVE THE GLORIOUS COCKROACH REBELLION AGAINST THE
GREAT SUBURBAN BOURGEOIS OPPRESSOR SWINE-PIG!"
        <Slam!>
"I HATE revolutionary jargon."

"In your plan, `A Better Britain For Us', you claimed that
you would build eighty-eight thousand million billion houses
a year in the greater London area alone.  In fact, you built
only three in the last 15 years. Are you a bit disappointed with
this result?"
"No, no.  I'd like to answer this question, if I may, in two
ways.  Firstly, in my normal voice, and then in a kind of silly,
high-pitched whine."

"Comedy.  Sudden, violent, comedy!"

"Logic is a tweeting bird, chirping in your ear.
Logic is a wreath of pretty flowers that smell _bad_."

"There's nothing an agnostic can't do if he really doesn't know
whether he believes in anything or not."

"I ran out of gas!  I got a flat tire!  I locked my keys in the car!
An old friend came in from out of town!  I lost my tux at the
cleaners!  Someone stole my car!  There was an earthquake!  A terrible
flood!  Locusts!  It wasn't my FAULT!"

"Koko, will there be gnomes and dwarves for Lebee to wrestle with?"
"Yes Mishu, and also trolls and mutants we may spar with!"

"I'm doing everything I can, and stop calling me Shirley."

"The great scallop, this tatty, scrofulous old rapist, is
second in depravity only to the common clam.  This latter
is a right whore, a harlot, a trollop, a cynical bed-hopping
firm-breasted Rabelaisian bit of sea food that makes Fanny
Hill look like a dead pope."

"As your attorney, it is my duty to inform you that it is
not important that you understand what I'm doing or why
you're paying me so much money.  What's important is that
you continue to do so."
"I like overkill."

"When will I learn?  The answers to life's problems aren't at the
bottom of a bottle.  They're on TV!"

The heart, the liver, the spleen, the pancreas.  All these miraculous
organs work in _total_darkness_!

"I have no intention of spending the rest of the evening,
let alone the rest of my life, with a compulsive, anal-retentive
chowderhead."

"So whaddya want?  Wicker?!?"

"Darling, would you like to propose another toast?"
"To a warmed, darkened, slightly crispy slice of bread."

"Padlock?"
"The IRS.  Picky picky picky."

"He'p me!  Somebody, pleez, he'p me!  I been hypmotize'!"

A hundred bottles of beer on the wall, a hundred bottles
of beer.  If one of those bottles should happen to
fall, it would shake the very foundations of the Universe.
-from Mauve'Bib's "The Seven Pillows of Wisdom,"
edited by the Princess Serutan

"The evidence before the court is
incontrovertible; there's
no need for the jury to
retire."

"I want a full scale Red Alert throughout the world.  Surround EVERYONE
with EVERYTHING we got!  Mobilize every fighting unit and every weapon
we can lay our hands on.  I want...  I want three full scale global
nuclear alerts, with every Army, Navy, and Air Force unit on ETERNAL standby!"

"He's not Santa Claus...He doesn't LOOK like Santa Claus!"
"Don't judge a book by its hide, kid.  I let folks believe
that `fat, jolly' nonsense 'cause it makes 'em FEEL good.

So, are you tots gonna bust me out of here, or stand there
gaping like trout?"

Venn ist das nurnstuck git und Slotermeyer?
Ja!  Beigerhund das oder die Flipperwaldt gersput!

"I am successful because I am the only person in my city
who is not heavily addicted to powerful narcotics."

"Bring the little ones unto me, and I will get
a good price for them."

"The part I think I'd like best is crushing people who get in my way."

"Okay, so there's these two guys, right?  Okay, so this one guy
says to the other... oh, right, they're in a bar.  Okay, so these
two guys, anyway, so...  So he says to the guy, who's black, he
says to him, no, wait, he's Chinese.  He says, `Hey have you seen
my mother-in-law?'  No, wife... It's his wife, right. So he says,
`Hey, have you seen my wife?'  And so the bartender says... no,
the Jew, Chinese, the Chinese guy, he HAW HAW!  HAW... snort.
Sorry, I just remembered something funny."

"How much for the little girl?  Your women -- how much for the women?"

"We're taking you to a clambake."

...sung by the man who turned a personal affliction into a
singing career -- Don "No Soul" Wilson!

"If you could have any amount of money... How much would you want?"
"All of it."

"But Calvin is no kind and loving god!  He's one of
the _old_ gods!  He demands sacrifice!"

"Pork rinds! *Gasp* *Choke* Vienna sausages! *Uk...uk...uk*
Orange marshmallow peanuts (The Horror, The Horror)!"

"Nice tie... BONEHEAD!"

"But, will I get the chicks?  I mean, in truckloads?"

"And now, Little Bobby Pootwaddle will read last month's contest
winner."
"Last month's question --
    `In 1000 words or less, describe how
    Amy Sue Sturdfetzer looked much older than 12.'"

"If you were happy every day of your life, you wouldn't
be a human being.  You'd be a game-show host."

"I haven't time to go chasing after him!  There's violence to be done!"

"What about these commandments then?"
"You again?  All right...  There shall be TWO commandments,
and this shall be the first of them:
    "Keep the noise down."
"Just that?  `Keep the noise down'?"
"You got it."
"Hmmm.  And the second of Your commandments, Lord?"
"Do what thou wilst," (sayeth the Lord), "just
go away and don't bother Me now.  For behold,
some of Us are trying to get some sleep around here."

"Sorry, Nick.  I lied, man."

You think you got it rough?
What about your darling doggy?
Ten short years
and he's getting old and groggy.

"I'm afraid I'm not personally qualified to confuse cats."

"It's not me I'm worried about... It's your mother...
Pining away her twilight years..."
"It's a terrible thing when a mother spends her old age
in a pine tree."

"True, money _can't_ buy happiness, but it isn't
happiness I want.  It's money."

We Americans live in a nation where the medical-care system is
second to none in the world, unless you count maybe 25 or 30 little
scuzzball countries like Scotland that we could vaporize in seconds
if we felt like it.

"I hate snakes!  I hate 'em!!"
"C'mon!  Show a little backbone, will ya?"

"Oh oh!  No more buttered scones for me, Mater,
I'm off to play the grand piano!"

"I wish _I_ was a tiger."
"A common lament."

"Why is it that the truly brilliant are doomed to a life of obscurity,
surrounded by a sea of mediocrity, only to end up covered in sores in
a pool of their own filth?  Oh well, the beat goes on."

"_My_ side of the woods abounds in natural scenic splendor.  _Your_
side wallows in decay and filth.  My territory is infinitely superior
to yours."

"I'm not saying we won't get our hair mussed a bit.."

"Mushy mushy mushy."

"I think all right-thinking people in this country are sick and tired of
being told that ordinary, decent people are fed up in this country with being
sick and tired.  I'm certainly not!  But I'm sick and tired of being told
that I am!"

"Nazis!  I hate those guys."

"All Lord Julius demands is total and complete obedience
and more money every time we pay him.  He's being quite
reasonable, really..."

"Elvis has LEFT the building!"

"`Lousy stinking radicals,' he opines, `figure the law is
there for you to hide behind...  Well, the law _isn't_ there
for you to hide behind, it's there for _us_ to hide behind...
the good and law-abiding people of this great city-state.'  His
fists are like twin sledgehammers dealing out pure and righteous
justice... `You're either with us or against us, vermin... That's
what freedom's all about.'  His roach-sense floods the room...
ping!  ping!  ping!  And detects the presence of a heavily unarmed
malcontent...`Taste boot, scum...'"

"It's hard to get a refund when the salesman is sniffing
your crotch and baying at the moon..."

"If you don't vote for me I'll kill you all."

"I will point out that a lady of refinement would not wish to be found
so high in a tree."
"Then I am a lady of refinement well and truly," said Madouc, "since I
did not wish to be found."

`As leader, you should never forget those who are loyal
to you.  You should hold parties for them regularly
and have lots of whiskey (free) for them.  That way, they
get drunk and reveal themselves as the disloyal vermin they
all are in reality.'
       -- "On Governing"

"Thank God.  The police."

"Do you think there's a God?"
"Well, SOMEbody's out to get me!"

"Vaya con dios, scumbucket."

"Whether to kill yourself or not is one of the
most important decisions a teenager can make."

"There's another weird lizard farm coming up fast at eleven o'clock."

"I feel the warmth of its presence, Sam."

"Kirk may be a swaggering, overbearing, tin-plated dictator with
delusions of godhood, but he's not soft."

"Captain Kirk.  It's a pleasure to welcome you to Noldicia.
More fun than humans should be allowed to have."

"They're not booing.  They're just chanting `Dave! Dave!'"

"Mind your manners, son!  I've got a tall pointy hat!"

"You got an alarm clock in there, sir?"
"No!  No, heavens, no, no..  Just vests."
"Sounded a bit like an alarm clock going off."
"Oh, it can't have been.  It must have been a vest..
uh.. go-.. going off."

"`BILLSBY SLASHES FOUR, DIES IN COCAINE BRAWL'"
"That's the front page, Mrs. Billsby."

"Why is that ridiculous toy on your head?"
"Because if I wear it anywhere else, it chafes."

"Why are you RUNNING?  Cerebus just wants to KILL you a little..."

"You have an annoying fascination for timepieces, Mr. Sulu."

"That's so deep, I'm getting the bends.... If you want me, I'll
be in the decompression chamber."

Pipo was born with few complications, but then the doctor accidently
dropped the infant on her head provoking her drunken father to drag
the physician outside where he would beat him to death with a live
ocelot.

"The living dead don't NEED to solve word problems."

"I feel lightheaded, Sam.  I think my brain
is out of air.  But it's kind of a neat feeling."

"Kilimanjaro is a pretty tricky climb, you know.  Most of it's
up, until you reach the very very top, and then it tends to slope
away rather sharply."

"The good thing about drawing a tiger is that it automatically
makes your picture fine art."

"That gum you like is going to come back in style."

"My nipples explode with delight!"

"Ho!  Ha-ha!  Guard!  Turn!  Parry!  Dodge!  Spin!  Ha!  Thrust!"

"It's psychosomatic.  You need a lobotomy.  I'll get a saw."

"How often does the train go by?"
"So often you don't even notice it."

"I tell you, Molly, I like the work so much, I'd do it even if
I didn't have to -- by court order, under threat of fine, imprisonment,
or both."

"That's the fact, Jack!"

"Regrettable that this society has chosen suicide."

"Well, there we're in kind of a gray area..."
"How gray?"
"Charcoal."

"I would advise youse to keep dialin', Oxmix."

"I told them kids to keep their arms inside the ride.
Damnedest thing I ever saw."

"A boy without mischief is like a bowling bowl without a liquid center."

"The band is just fantastic,
That is really what I think,
Oh by the way, which one's Pink?"

Rule #10 of the Miss America Pageant:
    Liposuction is permitted, but not as part of the talent competition.

"Inconceivable!"
"You keep using that word.  I don't think it means what you think it means."

"Max, that bathing suit you're wearing makes my flesh crawl!
And where did you get sunglasses to fit your bizarrely-spaced
eyeballs?"

"Mr. Canal, stop this instant!  I must ask that you
refrain from knife-fighting in the White House!"

...And since the stench of death will always attract flies and vermin,
the arrival of Geraldo was perhaps inevitable.

"How does this sound..?  `Stop, or I'll stand very,
very still for a surprisingly long time!'"

"Guards, beat this man brutally for daring to try to confuse me!"

"Have you thought much about luggage, Mr. Banks?"
"No..."
"It's the central preoccupation of my life."

"This is not a lending library.  Put the magazine back or I'll blow
your heads off."

"I try to make everyone's day a little more surreal."

"Did you see it, Reiger?  It was hideous!"

"I don't sing, I don't dance, and I don't like people who do."

"We're not laughing at you -- we're laughing near you."

"Don't fight it - It's bigger than both of us.  In your case
that verges on the incredible."

   Spock was waiting for them when they got to the conference
room.  "Captain, I've run the data we collected through the
computer."
   "Well, Spock, you must be a very proud young man.  So what's
the deal with these council weasels?"

"Nice girls don't explode."

"How was it, little buddy?"
"It was dark, like a cave, and there were no
toilets -- just black, smoking holes in the walls
and floor!  Giant roaches howled like damned souls
as they skittered along the mouldered grout-work!"

"VROOOM! VROOOM!  Out of the way, lady!  Run!
Run for safety, foolish pedestrians!"

"[The vector] has never been of the slightest use to any creature."
-Lord Kelvin

"A mind is a terrible thing to waste someone with."

"Ladies and Gentlemen, seldom can it have been a greater pleasure
and privilege than it is for me now to announce that the next award
gave me the great pleasure and privilege of asking a man without
whose ceaseless energy and tireless skill the British Film
Industry would be today."

"Have you ever seen a spleen that large?"
"Whoa, no .. not since breakfast."

"If you don't care for your scalp, you'll get rabies!"

"Mind you, not as bad as the night Archie Pettigrew ate some
sheep's testicles for a bet...God, that bloody sheep kicked him..."

"Wheat.  So what?"

"There's nothing more dangerous than a wounded mosquito."

"Hey Dad, you crossed my line of death!"

"We're not just going to let you walk out of here."
"Who's we, sucker?"
"Smith, and Wesson, and me."

"This man is no ordinary man.  This is Mr. F. G. Superman."

"Where does he keep his water dish?"

"More pie, Admiral?"

"Dry hair's for squids."

"Really, now, Powers.  Had I intended for educated men to
read that nonsense, I would have used smaller type..."

"And when do you expect to get married?"
"Oh, right away, sport, right away, you know!  I 'aven't 'ad it
for weeks!"

"Spontaneous combustion!  What a stroke of luck!"

"Dick!  You're FIRED!"

Dark and lonely
on a summer night.
Kill my landlord,
Kill my landlord.
Watchdog barkin'
Do he bite?
Kill my landlord,
Kill my landlord.

"You look like a man with the minimum daily requirement of
intelligence.  Where can I find a book on self-confidence?"

"I'm the head waiter.  This is a vegetarian restaurant only.
We serve no animal flesh of any kind.  We're not only proud
of that, we're ... smug about it."

"...just when I had you wriggling in the crushing grip of reason, too..."

Birds of prey know they're cool.

"You must have had visions of sugarplums dancing in your head, little pal."
"Oh thank God!  I thought it was a twiching, lemon-sized brain tumor."

I saw a werewolf drinking a Pina Colada at Trader Vic's, and his
hair was _perfect_.

"Get a life!"

"Flint Paper is insane.  I really respect that."

"Sweet Loretta Fat, she thought she was a cleaner, but she was a frying pan..."

"Back off, man!  I'm a scientist!"

"If I could walk that way, I wouldn't need the aftershave."

"Oh Mr. Belpit, your legs are so swollen!"

"Take me away, imperialist puppets of the great Pay-TV satanistic
corporate booger-heads!"

"It was a mutual parting of the ways.  We gave him the freedom to
do what he wanted to do."
"What was that?"
"Drink himself to death."

Two, four, six, eight,
Time to transubstantiate!

"Storage compartments?  Storage compartments?"
"No!  That's just what they'll be expecting us to do!"
"Yes, well, that's just the sort of blinkered philistine pig-ignorance
I've come to expect from you non-creative garbage."

"Are you the police?"
"No, ma'am.  We're musicians."

"We're aimed the wrong way to be going home, Gumby."
"Home...?  We're on an express elevator to HECK!"

"Stephanie, do you know what I do when I don't understand an emotion?
I suppress and deny it."

"Sir, I think I wanted to express the duality of man - a kind of
Jungian thing, sir."

"?Que pasa, Senorita?  !I am el fugitivo!"

"I've heard about these cult jamborees.  It's an international
goon gathering.  Lots of howling and drinking... Orgiastic
worship of heathen idols... Great looking chicks in diaphanous robes..."

"How do you do your squid?"
"Fine.  How do _you_ do, sir?"

"How many men you got 'ere, Colonel?"
"Oh, 7,000 infantry, 600 artillery, and 2 divisions of paratroops."
"Paratroops, Dino!"  "It'd be a shame of someone was to set fire to dem."
"Set fire to them?!"
"Fire's 'appen, Colonel."  "Fings's burn..."

"Bicycle Repair Man, how can I ever repay you?"
"Well, you don't need to, gov, it's all right.
It's all in a day's work for ... Bicycle Repair Man. <Sniff!>"

"Where the hell's he get the atomic bomb?"

"Take my Worf, please."

"I don't patronize bunny rabbits!"

"Now hear this!  The father/son sack race will begin in 5 minutes
on the north lawn.  Participation is MANDATORY, repeat MANDATORY!"

"Look!  It's trying to think!"

"How does he do it, Smithers?"
"He's a love machine, sir."

"Kato, what is going on in that little yellow brain of yours?"

"We would like to apologize for the way in which politicians are
represented in this programme.  It was never our intention to imply
that politicians are weak-kneed, political time-servers who are more
concerned with their personal vendettas and private power struggles
than the problems of government, nor to suggest at any point that
they sacrifice their credibility by denying free debate on vital
matters in the mistaken impression that party unity comes before
the well-being of the people they supposedly represent, nor to imply
at any stage that they are squabbling little toadies without an ounce
of concern for the vital social problems of today.  Nor indeed do we
intend that viewers should consider tham as crabby ulcerous little
self-seeking vermin with furry legs and an excessive addiction to
alcohol and certain explicit sexual practices which some people might
find offensive.  We are sorry if this impression has come across."

"Knock, knock."
"Who's there?"
"Babs' uvula."
"Babs' uvula who?"
"I don't know, Babs, but I do know this.  Your uvula's on the fritz."
"Gee, doc, I must have stupidly glossed right over my uvula!"

"Mistakes were made."

"Then you admit confirming not denying you ever said that?"
"NO!...I mean Yes!  WHAT?"
"I'll put `maybe.'"

"Leaving a trail of slime wherev-"
           >CLICK!<

  "Never mind what I said," the Lord spake.  "Doth thou
listen to every crazy idea that comes thy way?" And
Abraham grew ashamed.  "Er -- not really... no."
  "I jokingly suggest thou sacrifice Isaac and thou
immediately runs out to do it."
  And Abraham fell to his knees, "See, I never know
when you are kidding."
  And the Lord thundered, "No sense of humor.  I can't
believe it."

"Llamas are larger than frogs."

"May I take this opportunity of emphasizing that there is no
cannibalism in the British Navy.  Absolutely none, and when I
say none, I mean there is a certain amount, more than we are
prepared to admit."

"Into the mud, Scum Queen!"

"Want some pretzels?"
"No thanks, we're on duty.  A couple beers would be nice, though."

"They pelted us with rocks and garbage!"

"Shall we go down and give blood?"
"Oh, I don't want a great bat flapping round my neck."

"It's a dessert topping AND a floor wax!"

"Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit sniffing glue!"

"Curse you, Inspector Dim. You are too clever for us naughty people."

Hurl that spheroid down the field..

"There should be a psychology of feet.  For do we not
make decisions with our legs, and walk about on our brains?

What do you mean, `No, not really,'?"
-from "The Notebooks of Mauve'Bib--Outtakes, Bloopers,
and Unconvincing Maxims," Edited by the Princess Serutan.

"I'm a LAGOMORPH, Sam!  Look it up!"

But for the lack of any untoward circumstances for this young
secretary to notice, and the total non-involvement of Mr. Mellish
in anything illegal, the full weight of the law would have
insured that Ralph Aldis Mellish would have ended up like all who
challenge the fundamental laws of our society: in an iron coffin
with spikes on the inside!

"One of us should bust in and confuse them while _I_
head them off around front."

"Get that finger out of your ear!  You don't know where that finger's been!"

"He was a thief, and a terrorist, but on the other hand he had
a tremendous singing voice."

"If you wanted to make Sarok the Preparer cry, well, mission accomplished."

"Remember, this is only an exhibition, this is NOT a competition -- please,
no wagering."

"I'll have you all executed!"
"I think not."

"Mind you, I can't say much for the volume's condition.
I mean, there's a hole in the jacket and the spine appears
to be damaged."

"Zere were zwei peanuts walking down ze strasse.
And one was assaulted.. peanut.  Ha ha ha.."

"It's the Peterson kid dressed as an iguana!"

"Gregor Wass, your presence intimidates me to the point of humiliation.
Would you care to strike me?"

"And stop referring to dinner as `the recent unpleasantness'."

"Baldrick, you wouldn't see a subtle plan if it painted itself purple
and danced naked on top of a harpsichord singing 'Subtle Plans Are
Here Again'."

"You think they spotted us?"
"Gimme a donut."

"Say, isn't that a twenty-story-high Gumby-shaped robot
approaching at about Mach 8?"
"What do you know...?  So it is."

"The world bores you when you're cool."

"I'm 6 foot 5, and I eat punks like you for breakfast!"

"It's classified.  I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you."

"Are there many fires in Norway?"
"Oh Good Lord yes.  The place is a constant blaze!"

"All right, you worthless _vermin_!  No more Mister Nice Pope!"

"They're an insidious bunch, your killer pianos.
Had one get loose on me back in '62.  It slipped
out of the cables while we were lowering it out
of its twelfth story apartment, and crushed six
innocents in an insane bid for freedom."

"He doesn't know when he's beaten, this boy.  He doesn't know when
he's winning either.  He doesn't have any sort of sensory apparatus
known to man."

"Oh no.  Ed Smith, Lizard of Doom, has come from a planet
far beyond our solar system to devour us.  Gaze and tremble,
mortals.  None can escape the wrath of Ed Smith, Lizard of Doom."

"Have you got a 27 B stroke 6?"

"Many people in this country are becoming increasingly worried about
bullfighting.  They say it's not only cruel, vicious, and immoral, but
also blatantly unfair.  The bull is heavy, violent, abusive, and
aggressive, wth four legs and great sharp teeth, whereas the bullfighter
is only a small, greasy Spaniard."

Your digestive system is your body's Fun House, whereby food goes
on a long, dark, scary ride, taking all kinds of unexpected twists
and turns, being attacked by vicious secretions along the way, and
not knowing until the last minute whether it will be turned into a
useful body part or ejected into the Dark Hole by Mister Sphincter.

"Mr. Notlob, there's nothing wrong with you that an expensive
operation can't prolong!"

"You know what I wish?  I wish all the scum of the Earth had one throat
and I had my hands about it."

"I can't think of anything more relaxing than being locked
in a moving car with YOU for about 300 hours, little pal."

"That's really sweet, Sam.  I may weep openly."

"Ooh, neat!  Santa got caught in this beartrap I set!  Wow!  He
gnawed his own foot off to escape!"

"Help!  Help!  I'm being repressed!"

"We interviewers are more than a match for the likes of you, Two-Sheds!"
"Yes, make yourself scarce, Two-Sheds.  This studio isn't big enough for
the three of us!"

"Get your own arts program, you fairy!"

"Oh, great altar of passive entertainment, bestow upon
me thy discordant images at such speed as to render linear
thought impossible!"

"Strange things are afoot at the Circle-K."

"Has anybody seen my legs?"

"I've got a lot of cutting and pasting to do, gentleman, so
please, why don't you return to your porch rockers and resume
whittling?"

"What better place to begin my reign of Communist terror and
oppression than a memorial to that decadent and imperialist
American, Melville Dewey, hated originator of the Dewey Decimal
System!!"

"I've grown to hate them."

"How many of us can honestly say that at one time or another he
hasn't felt sexually attracted to mice?"

"Joey, do you like movies about gladiators?"

School's out!
School's out!
Teacher let the monkeys out!
One was jailed!
One prevailed!
Both asked God: "How have I failed?"
--traditional grad school chant

Senators, TV Crews, and the nation in general are mystified when,
on the third day, Flaming Carrot shows a STAR TREK BLOOPER REEL
on behalf of the defense.

That's not funny, that's sick!

"Well, it's garish, ugly, and derelicts have used it
for a toilet.  The rides are dilapidated to the point
of being lethal, and could easily maim or kill innocent
little children."

"Oh, so you don't like it?"
"Don't like it?  I'm CRAZY for it."

"Don't be stupid.  Be a smarty.
 Come and join the Nazi Party."

"You're just the sort of person I imagined marrying, when I was little...
..except, y'know, not green...
...and without all the patches of fungus."

"Captain, how soon can we land?"
"I can't tell."
"You can tell me; I'm a doctor."

"Did you know the phone company uses the bone marrow
of Third World babies to make microchips?"

"Once the trust goes out of a relationship, it's no fun
lying to them anymore."

"Jane, you ignorant slut."

"Speaking as a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, as
first minister of Louis XIII, and as one of the architects
of the modern world already, would you say that Harold Larch
was a man of good character?"
"Listen, Harry is a very wonderful human being."

"Where do we keep all our chainsaws, mom?"

"Ah, monsieur.  And how are we today?"
"Better."
"Better?"
"Better get a bucket.  I'm gonna throw up."

"We have your favorite animal cookies.  Here's
a gorilla... Here's a collared peccary..."

"I may be synthetic, but I'm not stupid."

"Hey, Max -- Wake up!  You're missing all the fun!"
"What?"

"A seven-foot specter of evil appeared in front
of the car, so I ran over it.  Sounded like a bag
of laundry going under.  Hope I didn't hurt the
tires.  Want a fig newton?"

"I feel like I know her, but sometimes my arms bend back."

