A Grouch escapes so many little annoyances that it
almost pays to be one.
                        --Kin Hubbard--

If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament!
                        --Florynce Kennedy--

Admiration:  Our polite recognition of another's
             resemblance to ourselves.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Advertising may be described as the science of
arresting human intelligence long enough to
get money from it.
                        --Stephen Leacock--

Advertising is 85 percent confusion and
15 percent commission.
                        --Fred Allen--

Advertising is a valuable economic factor because
it is the cheapest way of seeling goods, particularly
if the goods are worthless.
                        --Sinclair Lewis--

Advertising is legalized lying.
                        --H. G. Wells--

An alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks
as much as you do.
                        --Dylan Thomas--

Judges, as a class, display, in the matter of arranging
alimony, that reckless generosity which is found only
in men who are giving away someone else's cash.
                        --P. G. Wodehouse--

Every major horror of history was committed in the name
of an altruistic motive.  Has any act of selfishness
ever equalled the carnage perpetrated by disciples
of altruism?
                        --Ayan Rand--

In our country we have those three unspeakably
precious things: freedom of speech, freedom of
conscience, and the prudence never to practice
either.
                        --Mark Twain--

In America sex is an obsession, in other parts of
the world it is a fact.
                        --Marlene Dietrich--

America is the greatest of opportunities and the
worst of influences.
                        --George Santayana--

The discovery of America was the occasion of the
greatest outburst of cruelty and reckless greed
known in history.
                        --Joseph Conrad--

The genius of you Americans is that you never
make clear-cut stupid moves, only complicated
stupid moves which make us wonder at the possi-
bility that there may be something to them which
we are missing.
                        --Gamal Abdel Nasser--

Animals have these advantages over man: they
have no theologians to instruct them, their
funerals cost them nothing, and no one starts
lawsuits over their wills.
                        --Voltaire--

There is no underestimating the intelligence
of the American public.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Democracy is the are of running the circus
from the monkey cage.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Perhaps the most revolting character that the United
States ever produced was the Christian business man.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

The trouble with New York is that it has no
nationality at all.  It is simply a sort of free port --
a place where the raw materials of civilization are
received, sorted out, and sent further on.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Texas is the place where there are the most cows and
the least milk and the most rivers and the least
water in them, and where you can look the farthest
and see the least.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Baseball has the great advantage over cricket of
being sooner ended.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

It ain't those parts of the Bible that I can't under-
stand that bother me, it's the parts that I do
understand.
                        --Mark Twain--

So far as I can remember, there is not one word
in the Gospels in praise of intelligence.
                        --Bertrand Russell--

Scriptures....The sacred books of our holy religion,
as distinguished from the false and profane writings
on which all other faiths are based.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

The inspiration of the Bible depends on the ignorance
of the person who reads it.
                        --Robert G. Ingersoll--

No one recovers from the disease of being born; a
deadly wound if there ever was one.
                        --E. M. Cioran--

The trouble with born-again Christians is that they
are an even bigger pain the second time around.
                        --Herb Caen--

He's a born-again Christian.  The trouble is, he
suffered brain damage during rebirth.
                        --Anonymous--

The fact that boys are allowed to exist at all is evidence of a
remarkable Christian forebearance among men.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Boyys are capital fellows in their own way, among their
mages; but they are unwholesome companions for grown people.
                        --Charles Lamb--

It's silly to go on pretending that under the skin
we are all brothers.  The truth is more likely that
under the skin we are all cannibals, assassins,
traitors, liars and hypocrites.
                        --Henry Miller--

Bureaucracy is a giant mechanism operated by pygmies.
                        --Honore' De Balzac--

Chastity: the most unnatural of the sexual perversions.
                        --Aldous Huxley--

Chastity always takes its toll.  In some it produces
pimples; in others, sex laws.
                        --Karl Kraus--

One of the serious obstacles to the improvement
of our race is indiscrimiate charity.
                        --Andrew Carnegie--

Chess is a foolish expedient for making idle people
believe they are doing something very clever when
they are only wasting their time.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Chess is as elaborate a waste of human intelligence
as you can find outside an advertising agency.
                        --Raymond Chandler--

There are three terrible ages of childhood -- 1 to
10, 10 to 20, and 20 to 30.
                        --Cleveland Amory--

The secret of dealing successfully with a child
is not to be its parent.
                        --Mell Lazarus--

The best way to keep children at home is to make
the home atmosphere pleasant -- and let the air
out of the tires.       --Dorothy Parker--

A child is a curly, dimpled lunatic.
                        --Ralph Waldo Emerson--

We are given children to test us and make us
more spiritual.         --George F. Will--

Christ died for our sins.  Dare we make his
martyrdom meaningless by not committing them?
                        --Jules Feiffer--

If Christ were here now there is one thing he
would not be -- A Christian.
                        --Mark Twain--

The last Christian died on the cross.
                        --Anonymous--

Organized Christianity has probably done more to
retard the ideals that were its founder's than
any other agency in the world.
                        --Richard LeGallienne--

Of learned men, the clergy show the lowest development
of professional ethics.  Any pastor is free to steal
customers from the divines of rival sects, and to
denounce the divines themselves as theological quacks.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

A clergyman is one who feels himself called upon to
live without working at the expense of the rascals
who work to live.       --Voltaire--

Communism is like one big phone company.
                        --Lenny Bruce--

It could probably be shown be facts and figures that there
is no distinctively native American criminal class --
except Congress.        --Mark Twain--

Conservative......A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as
                  distinguished from a liberal, who wishes to
                  replace them with others.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

Convictions are more dangerous enemies of truth than lies.
                        --Nietzsche--

Corporation......An ingenious device for obtaining individual
                 profit without individual responsibility.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Critics are like eunuchs in a harem; they know how its done,
they've seen it done every day, but they're unable to do it
themselves.             --Brendan Behan--

Critics are a dissembling, dishonest, contemptible
race.  Asking a working writer wht he thinks about
critics is likd asking a fire plug what it feels
about dogs.             --John Osborne--

The power of accurate observation is commonly called
cynicism by those who have not got it.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Democracy encourages the majority to decide things
about which the majority is blissfully ignorant.
                        --John Simon--

The substitution of election by the incompetent many
for appointment by the corrupt few properly describes
the institution of Democracy.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Democracy becomes a government of bullies, barely
tempered by editors.    --Laurence J. Peters--

One of the most common of all diseases is diagnosis.
                        --Karl Kraus--

Doctors are just the same as lawyers; the only
difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas
doctors rob you and kill you too.
                        --Anton Chekhov--

Men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made
stupid by education.    --Bertrand Russell--

We are shut up in schools and college recitation
rooms for ten or fifteen years, and come out at
last with a bellyful of words and do not know
a thing.                --Ralph Waldo Emerson--

Education is a method whereby one acquires a
higher grade of prejudices.
                        --Laurence J. Peter--

Equality may perhaps be a right, but no power on
earth can ever turn it into a fact.
                        --Honore' de Balzac--

We learn from experience that men never learn
anything from experience.  -- Oscar Wilde--

No one is completely unhappy at the failure of
his best friend.        --Groucho Marx--

Faith.....Belief without evidence inwhat is told by
          one sho speaks without knowledge, of things
          without parallel.  --Ambrose Bierce--

Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief
in the occurrence of the improbable.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows
that faith does not prove anything.
                        --Nietzsche--

The most common of all follies is to believe passionately
in the palpably not true.  It is the chief occupation of
mankind.                --H. L. Mencken--

When I can no longer bear to think of the
victims of broken homes, I begin to think of the
victims of intact ones.   --Peter DeVries--

Always forgive your enemies -- Nothing annoys them so much.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

France is th only couontry where the money falls
apart and you can't tear the toilet paper.
                        --Billy Wilder--

What I gained by being in France was learning to
be better satisfied with my own country.
                        --Samual Johnson--

France?  I would have loved it -- without the French.
                        --D. H. Lawrence--

When people are free to do as they please, they
usually imitate each other.   --Eric Hoffer--

Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of
leisure activity.       --Mortimer Adler--

If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot
stomping on a human face -- forever.
                        --George Orwell--

"Gay" used to be one of the most agreeable words in
the language.  Its appropriation by a notably morose
group is an act of piracy.
                        --Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr.--

When a true genius appears in the world you may
know him by this sign:  that all the dunces are
in confederacy against him.  --Jonathon Swift--

Gentility is what is left over from rich ancestors
after the money is gone.   --John Ciardi--

The only excuse for God is that he doesn't exist.
                        --Stendhal--

God seems to have left the receiver off the hook
and time is running out.   --Arthur Koestler--

It takes a long while for a naturally trustful person
to reconcile himself to the idea that after all God
will not help him.      --H. L. Mencken--

He (God) seems to have an inordinate fondness for beetles.
                        --J. B. S. Haldane--

The good die young -- because they see it's no use living
if you've got to be good.    --John Barrymore--

On the whole, human beings want to be good, but
not too good and not quite all the time.
                        --George Orwell--

It is almost impossible systematically to constitue a natural
moral law.  Nature has no principles.  She furnishes us with
no reason to believe that human life is to be respected.
Nature, in her indifference, makes no disctinction between
good and evil.          --Anatole France--

Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of
a good example.         --Mark Twain--

A government is the only know vessel that leaks from the top.
                        --James Reston--

Every government is run by liars and nothing they say
should be believed.     --I. F. Stone--

In general, the art of government consists in taking
as much money as possible from one class of the
citizens to give to the other.   --Voltaire--
Also a good definition of the Democratic Party.

Government is an association of men who do violence
to the rest of us.      --Leo Tolstoy--

Gratitude is merely the secret hope of further favors.
                        --Anonymous--

History is a set of lies agreed upon.
                        --Napoleon Bonaparte--

History repeats itself; that's one of the things that's
wrong with history.     --Clarence Darrow--

We learn from history that we do not learn from history.
                        --G. F. Wilhelm Hegel--

On the whole history tends to be rather poor fiction --
except at its best.     --Gore Vidal--

An historian is nothing more than an unsuccessful novelist.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

History would be a wonderful thing -- if only it were true.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Holidays are an expensive trial of strength.  The only
satisfaction comes from survival.   --Jonathan Miller--

The Holy Roman Empire was neither holy, nor Roman, nor an
Empire.                 --Voltaire--

Hope in reality is the worst of all evils, because it
prolongs the torments of man.    --Nietzsche--

There are times when you hav to choose between being human
and having good taste.  --Bertoldt Brecht--

It is easier to denature plutonium than to denature the
evil spirit of man.     --Albert Einstein--

No doubt Jack the Ripper excused himself on the grounds
that it was human nature.    --A. A. Milne--

If I could get my membership fee back, I'd resign
from the human race.    --Fred Allen--

The chief obstacle to the progress of the human race
is the human race.      --Don Marquis--

Humility is no substitue for a good personality.
                        --Fran Lebowitz--

When a man wants to murder a tiger he calls it sport;
when a tiger wants to murder him he calls it ferocity.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

A sportsman is a man who, every now and then, simply
has to go out and kill something.   --Stephen Leacock--

The fascination of shooting as a sport depends almost
wholly on whether you are at the right or wrong end
of the gun.             --P. G. Wodehouse--

A husband is wha't left of the lover once the nerve
has been extracted.     --Helen Rowland--

An ounce of hypocrisy is worth a pound of ambition.
                        --Michael Korda--

Impiety....Your irreverence toward my deity.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Insanity.....A perfectly rational adjustment to the
             insane world.   --R. D. Laing--

Ireland has the honor of being the only country which never
persecuted the Jews -- because whe never let any in.
                        --James Joyce--

I showed my appreciation of my native land in the usual Irish
way by getting out of it as soon as I possibly could.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

The Irish are a fair people -- they never speak well of
one another.            --Samual Johnson--

The Jews are a frightened people.  Twenty centuries of
Christian love have broken down their nerves.
                        --Israel Zangwill--

There is much to be said in favor of modern journalism.  By
giving us the opinions of the uneducated, it keeps us in
touch with the ignorance of the community.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

Justice.....A commodity which in a more or less adulterated
           condition the State sells to the citizen as a
           reward for his allegiance, taxes and personal
           service.     --Ambrose Bierce--

Kill one man and you are a murderer.  Kill millions and you
are a conqueror.  Kill everyone and you are a God.
                        --Jean Rostand-

Every law is and infraction of liberty.
                        --Jeremy Bentham--

Lawyer.....One skilled in the circumvention of the law.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Lawyer.....One who protects us against robbery by taking
           away the temptation.      --H. L Mencken--

Layers are the only person in whom ignorance of the law
is not punished.        --Jeremy Bentham--

If law school is so hard to get through....how come there
are so many lawyers?    --Calvin Trillin--

Lawyers, I suppose, were children once.
                        --Charles Lamb--

Lawyers are ... operators of the toll bridge which anyone
in search of justice must cross.
                        --Jane Bryant Quinn--

Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting
before you get tired.   --Jules Renard--

It is always the best policy to tell the truth, unless
of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.
                        --Jerome K. Jerome--

The liberals can understand everything but people who
don't understand them.  --Lenny Bruce--

Liberal......A power worshipper without power.
                        --George Orwell--

A liberal is a person whose interests aren't at stake
at the moment.          --Willis Player--

A liberal is a man too broadminded to take his own
side in a quarrel.      --Robert Frost--

Liberty means responsibility; that is why most men
dread it.               --George Bernard Shaw--

Liberty doesn't work as well in practice as it does
in speeches.            --Will Rogers--

Life does not cease to be funny when people die and more than it
ceases to be serious when people laugh.  --George Bernard Shaw--

Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luch, a good physique and
not too much imagination.   --Christopher Isherwood--

Love is the most subtle form of self-interest.
                        --Holbrook Jackson--

Many a man in love with a dimple makes the mistake of marrying
the whole girl.         --Stephen Leacock--

It's possible to love a human being if you don't know them
too well.               --Charles Bukowski--

What is irritating about love is that it is a crime that
requires an accomplice.  --Charles Baudelaire--

When two people are under the influence of the most
violent, most insane, most delusive, and most transient
of passions, they are required to swear that they will
remain in htat excited, abnormal and exhausting condition
until death do them part.    --George Bernard Shaw--

Martyrdom is the only way in which a man can become
famous without ability.      --George Bernard Shaw--

Don't knock masturbation -- it's sex with someone I love!
                        --Woody Allen--

When it is a question of money, everybody is of
the same religion.      --Voltaire--

Virtue has Never been as respectable as money.
                        --Mark Twain--

Go into the street and give one man a lecture on morality and
another a dollar, and see which will respect you most.
                        --Samuel Johnson--

If you must choose between living with your mother-in-law
and blowing your brains out, don't hesitate -- blow out hers!
                        --Victorien Sardou--

Obscenity is what happens to shock some elderly and
ignorant magistrate.    --Bertrand Russell--

Obscenity is whatever gives a judge an erection.
                        --Anonymous--

The optimist thinks that this is the best of all possible
worlds, and the pessimist knows it.
                        --J. Robert Oppenheimer--

A paranoid is a man who knows a little of what's going on.
                        --William Burroughs--

The only people who seem to have nothing to do with the
education of the children are the parent.
                        --G. K. Chesterton--

Patience........A minor form of despair, disguised as a virtue.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for
trivial reasons.        --Bertrand Russell--

When you hear a man speak of his love for his country, it
is a sign he expects to get paid for it.   --H. L. Mencken--

Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.   --Oscar Wilde--

When there are two conflicting versions of the story,
the wise course is to believe the one in which people
appear at their worst.  --H. Allen Smith--

Pessimist....One who, when he has the choice of two evils,
             chooses both.    --Oscar Wilde--

A pessimist thinks everybody is as nasty as himself, and
hates them for it.      --George Bernard Shaw--

Philosophy teaches us to bear with equanimity the misfortunes
of others.              --Oscar Wilde--

The photographer is like the cod, which produces a million
eggs in order that one may reach maturity.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Politeness.........The most acceptable hypocrisy.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

A good politician is quite as unthinkable as an honest burglar.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

One has to be a lowbrow, a bit of a murderer, to be a
politician, ready and willing to see people sacrificed,
slaughtered, for the sake of an idea, whether a good one
or a bad one.           --Henry Miller--

Take our politicians:  they're a bunch of yo-yos.  The
Presidency is now a cross between a popularity contest
and a high school debate, with an encyclopedia of cliches
the first prize.        --Saul Bellow--

Anybody that wants the presidency so much that he'll spend two
years organizing and campaigning for it is not to be trusted
with the office.        --David Broder--

Politics....Strife of interests masquerading as a contest
            of principles.   --Ambrose Bierce--

The standard of intellect in politics is lo low, men of
moderate mental capacity have to stoop to reach it.
                        --Hillaire Belloc--

All politics are based on the indifference of the majority.
                        --James Reston--

Pray......To ask the laws of the universe be annulled on
          behalf of a single petitioner who confesses his
          unworthiness.   --Ambrose Bierce--

I don't like principles.  I prefer prejudices.  They are more
honest.                 --Oscar Wilde--

A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely
rearranging their prejudices.    --William James--

Psychoanalysis makes quite simple people feel they're complex.
                        --S. N. Behrman--

Freud is the father of psychoanalysis.  It has no mother.
                        --Germaine Greer--

One should respect public opinion insofar as is necessary to
avoid starvation and keep out of prison, but anything that
goes beyond this is voluntary submission to an unnecesssary
tyranny.                --Bertrand Russell--

Ther is only one honest impulse at the bottom of Puritanical
religion, and that is the impulse to punish the man with a
superior capacity for happiness.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're
still a rat.            --Lily Tomlin--

Ronald Reagan.....A Triumph of the embalmer's art.
                        --Gore Vidal--

All reformers, however strict their social conscience, live in
houses just as big as they can pay for.
                        --Logan Pearsall Smith--

Relations are simply a tedious pack of people who haven't got
the remotest knowledge of how to live, nor the smallest instinct
about when to die.      --Oscar Wilde--

All religions are founded on the fear of the many
and the the cleverness of the few.   --Stendahl--

Most religions do not make men better, only warier.
                        --Elias Canetti--

The idea of a good society is something you do not need a
religion and eternal puhishment to buttress; you need a
religion if you are terrified of death.    --Gore Vidal--

Randomness scares people.  Religion is a way to explain
randomness.             --Fran Lebowitz--

Religion is the fashinonable substitue for belief.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in hte
sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his
wife is beautiful and his children smart.   --H. L. Mencken--

Religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for
it trains people as to how they shall think.
                        --Arthur Schopenhauer--

Truth, in matters of religion, is simply the opinion that
that survived.          --Oscar Wilde--

We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough
to make us love one another.    --Jonathan Swift--

Ther was no respect for youth when I was young, and now that I
am old, there is not respect for age.  I missed it coming and
going.                  --J. B. Priestley--

The more things a man is ashamed of, the more respectable he is.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Every revolution evaporates and leaves behind only the
slime of a new bureaucracy.      --Franz Kafka--

Every man thinks God is on his side.  The rich and powerful
Know he is.             --Jean Anouilh--

Any preoccupation with ideas of what is right and wrong in
conduct shows and arrested intellectual development.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

If Geraldo Rivera is the first journalist in space, NASA can
test the effect of weightlessness on weightlessness.
                        --Anonymous but I wish I said it--

Most rock journalism is people who can't write interviewing
people who can't talk for people who can't read.
                        --Frank Zappa--

Romance, like the rabbit at the dog track, is the elusive, fake,
and never attained reward which, for the benefit and amusement of
our masters, keeps us running and thinking in safe circles.
                        --Beverly Jones--

The salary of the chief executive of a large corporation is not a
market award for achievement.  It is frequently in the nature of a
warm personal gesture by the individual to himself.
                        --John Kenneth Galbraith--

School days, I believe, are the unhappiest in the whole span of
human existence.  They are full of dull, unintelligible tasks, new
and unpleasant ordinances, with brutal violations of common sense
and common decency.     --H. L. Mencken--

Self-sacrifice enables us to sacrifice other people without
blushing.               --George Bernard Shaw--

Sex.......The Pleasure is momentary, the position ridiculous, and
          expense damnable.      --Lord Chesterfield--

Is sex dirty?  Only if it's done right.    --Woody Allen--

I respect faith, but doubt is what gets you an education.
                        --Wilson Mizner--

Smoking is, as far as I am concerned, the entire point of being an
adult.  Many people find smoking objectionable.  I myself find many
--even more-- things objectionable.  I do not like aftershave
lotion, adults who roller-skate, children who speak French, or
nayone who is unduly tan.  I do not, however, go around enacting
legislation and putting up signs.       --Fran Lebowitz--

Stupidity is an elemental force for which no earthquake is a match.
                        --Karl Kraus--

If you attack stupidity you attack an entrenched interest with
friends in government and every walk of public life, and you will
make small progress against it.       --Samual Marchbanks--

Moderation is a fatal thing.  Nothing succeeds like excess.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

It is not enough to succeed.  Others must fail.
                        --Gore Vidal--

A Sunday School is a prison in which children so penance for
the evil conscience of their parents.   -- H. L. Mencken --

Like its politicians and its war, society has the teenagers it
deserves.               --J. B. Priestley--

I have only a small flickering light to guide me in the darkness of
a thick forest.  Up comes a theologian and blows it out.
                        --Dennis Diderot--

Few people think more than two or three times a year; I have made an
international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a
week.                   --George Bernard Shaw--

People who have given us their complete confidence believe that they
have a right to ours.  The inference is false; a gift confers no
rights.                 --Nietzsche--

As long as war is looked upon as wicked, it will always have its
fascination.  When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be
popular.                --Oscar Wilde--

Human war has been the most successful of our cultural traditions.
                        --Robert Ardrey--

As far as unwed mothers on welfare are concerned, it seems to me
they must be capable of some other form of labor.   --Al Capp--

I prefer the wicked rather than the foolish.  The wicked sometimes
rest.                   --Alexandre Dumas--

Wickedness is a myth invented by good people to account for the
curious attractiveness of others.    --Oscar Wilde--

Women are like elephants to me -- I like to look at 'em, but I
would'nt want to own one.         --W. C. Fields--

The history of woman is the history of the worst form of tyranny the
world has every known; the tyranny of the weak over the strong.  It
is the only tyranny that lasts.         --Oscar Wilde--

In the fight between you and the world, back the world.
                        --Frank Zappa--

If the world were a logical place, Men would ride side-saddle.
                        --Rita Mae Brown--

The young always have the same problem -- how to rebel and conform
at the same time.  They have now solved this by defying their
parents and copying one another.         --Quentin Crisp--

What is youth except a man or a woman before it is ready or fit to
be seen?                --Evelyn Waugh--

Next to a circus there ain't nothing that packs up and tears out any
quicker than the Christmas spirit.        --Kin Hubbard--

Some quotes from Usenet rec.arts.comics.

"Cerebus can destroy ANYTHING.  Cerebus is the POPE."

"What number is this, Chip?"
"7 A!"
"OK, like don't get excited, man.  It's 'cause I'm short, I know."

"I found this seance to pass the most stringent tests
of credulity, with the minor exception of a phonograph,
which was found under Madame Reynaud's dress."

"It wouldn't be sporting to just run over them... Would it?"
"Yes... Yes, it would!"

"You know, once in a while it is my pleasure, and my privilege to welcome
here at the Refreshment Room some of the truly great international
artists of our time.  And tonight we have one such artist.  Ladies and
gentlemen, someone who I've always personally admired, perhaps more
deeply, more strongly, more ... abjectly than any other performer.
A man, well, more than a man, a god!  A great god, whose personality
is so totally and utterly wonderful, that my feeble words of welcome
sound wretchedly and pathetically inadequate.  Someone whose boots I
would gladly lick clean, until holes wore through my tongue!  A man
who is so totally and utterly wonderful, that I would rather be sealed
in a pit of my own filth than dare tread on the same stage with him!
Ladies and Gentlemen, the incomparably superior human being, Harry Fink!"
"He can't come!"

"A penny for your thoughts?"
"A dollar for your death."

"Any trouble, boy?"
"No, old man.  Thought I was having trouble with my adding.
'T's all right now."

"Exactly how obscene an amount of money were we talking about?
Profane?  Or really offensive?"

"No more rhymes now.  I mean it!"
"Anybody want a peanut?"

"It's no longer a blue world, Max.  Where can we go?"
"Argentina?"

"Bally Jerry, pranged his kite right in the how's-your-father - hairy
blighter, dicky-birded, feathered back on his sammy, took a waspy,
flipped over on his Betty Harper's and caught his can in the Bertie."

"Can you give me a lift back?"
"Ah -- can do.  But won't."

"May I take your trident, sir?"

"Decadent rodent, we will bury you."

He has been known by many names;  the Prince of Lies,
the Director, Lucifer, Belial, and once, at a party,
some obnoxious drunk kept calling him "Dude".

"Round up the usual suspects!"

"Use of unnecessary violence in the apprehension
of the Blues Brothers has been approved."

"Well, I noticed the lad with the thermonuclear device was the Chief
Constable for the area."

"Personally, I was shocked to discover our plastic surgeon was
an alcoholic."
"Yes, he raised quite a few eyebrows."

"Please excuse my wife.  She may appear to be rather nasty,
but underneath she has a heart of formica."

"If we increase the size of the penguin until it is the same height
as the man and then compare the relative brain size, we now find that
the penguin's brain is still smaller.  But, and this is the point,
it is larger than it _was_."

"What a pinhead!  Does he not fear us?!"

"What are your general areas of interests?"
"Aerodynamics.  Designer jeans.  Roofing supplies.  That sort of thing."
"What sort of thing?"
"You know, liquidity.  Point-of-sale.  Margin accounts.  Fast lane."

"The late Mr. Lupner was born without a spine."
"No wonder he has the posture of a boiled shrimp!"

"I've got to concentrate.  I've got to concentrate!
..Hello?
..Echo!
..Pinch hitting for Pedro Borbon, Manny Mota!"

"700 hours of community service work?  Who has that kind of free time?"

"`Psychophallystisis.'"
"Eat hot death, Steve."

"Listen.  Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is
no basis for a system of government!  Supreme executive power derives
from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic
ceremony!"
"Be quiet!"
"You can't expect to wield supreme executive power just 'cause
some watery tart threw a sword at you!"
"Shut up!"
"I mean, if I went around saying I was an emperor, just because
some moistened bint lobbed a scimitar at me, they'd put me away!"

"Happiness is being famous for your financial
ability to indulge in every kind of excess."

"C'mon, Hobbes, if you lend me a buck I'll buy you a comic book."

"Nigel, what are you saying?"
"How do we know he's not Mel Torme?"

COWBOY WALLY BEER
"Real beer.  Manly beer.  Ripsnortin' pukearama.  Dammit."

"What do you say we guys go down to the beach and shoot
some clams?"

If God had wanted us to be concerned for the plight of the toads, he would
have made them cute and furry. 

"Lacquered frog bands are no longer popular with America's influential
trendsetters, Max.  We'd be hosed."

"It's funny, I hate the itching, but I don't mind the swelling."

Arriving home, they learned that Glenn and Edna Catwomb had been
slain by maniacs.

"I don't know what you want here, but I think you should
know that I've killed a LOT of old people in my time,
and I'm not above doing it again."

"And Dinsdale's there in the conversation pit with Doug, and Charles
Paisley, the baby crusher, and a couple of film producers, and a man
they called `Kierkegaard,' who just sat there biting the heads off
whippets."

"Please, don't make me treat you like dogs.  I don't want to
treat you like common dogs."

"It's real handy, havin' an Elder God in the band, eh?"

"I'm afraid I'm going to have to operate.  It's nothing to worry
about, although it is EXTREMELY dangerous."

"Right.  Who's got a boil on his semprini then?"

"Hey Dad, if I saved up my allowance, could I buy a monkey?"
"Of course not!"
"OK, then I won't save up."

"Like all reputable surgeons, I charge by the pound..."

"My cigarette smoke mixed with the smoke of my .38.  If business was
as good as my aim, I'd be on Easy Street.  Instead, I've got an office
on 49th Street and a nasty relationship with a string of collection
agents.
"Yeah, that's me, Tracer Bullet.  I've got eight slugs in me.  One's
lead, and the rest are bourbon.  The drink packs a wallop, and I pack
a revolver.  I'm a private eye.
"Suddenly my door swung open, and in walked trouble.  Brunette, as usual."

"You'd better ask yourself `Do I feel lucky?'
Well, do you, punk?"

"To me it is like a mountain.. a vast BOWL of PUS!"

"Sometimes you just gotta say `what the heck'."

"In accordance with our principles of free enterprise and
healthy competition, I'm going to ask you two to fight to
the death for it."

"I'm sorry, but you must have me confused with some OTHER
plate-lipped white girl named `Irene'."

"It's Czechoslovakia, man!  It's like going into Wisconsin!"

"It seems like once people grow up, they have no idea what's cool."

Ant Boy calmly prepares to execute his new friend ant-style...
by PINCHING OFF HIS HEAD!

"Hey, stewardess.  Run through that seatbelt demonstration
a few more times.  It's unbelievably tricky!"

Every now and then when your life gets complicated and the weasels
start closing in, the only real cure is to load up on heinous chemicals
and then drive like a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas.

"Now it's time to say goodbye.  Please get off my property.  Until
next year!  I suggest you don't dawdle -- the hounds will be released
in 10 minutes."

"...And was head of Gestapo for 10 years.. No!  5 years!..
No!  No!  Nein, was not head of Gestapo at all!  I make joke."

"Van Gogh would've sold more than one painting if he'd put tigers in them."

"MY SENSORS INDICATE TRACE AMOUNTS OF CHOCOLATE IN THE PANTRY.
PLEASE LOAD SOME IN MY SCOOP FOR ANALYSIS."
"No, you'll spoil your appetite."

"MY MISSION MUST NOT FAIL.  PREPARE FOR ANNIHILATION, PITIFUL
EARTH FEMALE."

"I guess test-flying F-20 Tigersharks at Mach 3 all
day has rattled my good manners..."

"You try any preversions in there, and I'll blow your head off."

"LONG LIVE THE GLORIOUS COCKROACH REBELLION AGAINST THE
GREAT SUBURBAN BOURGEOIS OPPRESSOR SWINE-PIG!"
        <Slam!>
"I HATE revolutionary jargon."

"In your plan, `A Better Britain For Us', you claimed that
you would build eighty-eight thousand million billion houses
a year in the greater London area alone.  In fact, you built
only three in the last 15 years. Are you a bit disappointed with
this result?"
"No, no.  I'd like to answer this question, if I may, in two
ways.  Firstly, in my normal voice, and then in a kind of silly,
high-pitched whine."

"Comedy.  Sudden, violent, comedy!"

"Logic is a tweeting bird, chirping in your ear.
Logic is a wreath of pretty flowers that smell _bad_."

"There's nothing an agnostic can't do if he really doesn't know
whether he believes in anything or not."

"I ran out of gas!  I got a flat tire!  I locked my keys in the car!
An old friend came in from out of town!  I lost my tux at the
cleaners!  Someone stole my car!  There was an earthquake!  A terrible
flood!  Locusts!  It wasn't my FAULT!"

"Koko, will there be gnomes and dwarves for Lebee to wrestle with?"
"Yes Mishu, and also trolls and mutants we may spar with!"

"I'm doing everything I can, and stop calling me Shirley."

"The great scallop, this tatty, scrofulous old rapist, is
second in depravity only to the common clam.  This latter
is a right whore, a harlot, a trollop, a cynical bed-hopping
firm-breasted Rabelaisian bit of sea food that makes Fanny
Hill look like a dead pope."

"As your attorney, it is my duty to inform you that it is
not important that you understand what I'm doing or why
you're paying me so much money.  What's important is that
you continue to do so."
"I like overkill."

"When will I learn?  The answers to life's problems aren't at the
bottom of a bottle.  They're on TV!"

The heart, the liver, the spleen, the pancreas.  All these miraculous
organs work in _total_darkness_!

"I have no intention of spending the rest of the evening,
let alone the rest of my life, with a compulsive, anal-retentive
chowderhead."

"So whaddya want?  Wicker?!?"

"Darling, would you like to propose another toast?"
"To a warmed, darkened, slightly crispy slice of bread."

"Padlock?"
"The IRS.  Picky picky picky."

"He'p me!  Somebody, pleez, he'p me!  I been hypmotize'!"

A hundred bottles of beer on the wall, a hundred bottles
of beer.  If one of those bottles should happen to
fall, it would shake the very foundations of the Universe.
-from Mauve'Bib's "The Seven Pillows of Wisdom,"
edited by the Princess Serutan

"The evidence before the court is
incontrovertible; there's
no need for the jury to
retire."

"I want a full scale Red Alert throughout the world.  Surround EVERYONE
with EVERYTHING we got!  Mobilize every fighting unit and every weapon
we can lay our hands on.  I want...  I want three full scale global
nuclear alerts, with every Army, Navy, and Air Force unit on ETERNAL standby!"

"He's not Santa Claus...He doesn't LOOK like Santa Claus!"
"Don't judge a book by its hide, kid.  I let folks believe
that `fat, jolly' nonsense 'cause it makes 'em FEEL good.

So, are you tots gonna bust me out of here, or stand there
gaping like trout?"

Venn ist das nurnstuck git und Slotermeyer?
Ja!  Beigerhund das oder die Flipperwaldt gersput!

"I am successful because I am the only person in my city
who is not heavily addicted to powerful narcotics."

"Bring the little ones unto me, and I will get
a good price for them."

"The part I think I'd like best is crushing people who get in my way."

"Okay, so there's these two guys, right?  Okay, so this one guy
says to the other... oh, right, they're in a bar.  Okay, so these
two guys, anyway, so...  So he says to the guy, who's black, he
says to him, no, wait, he's Chinese.  He says, `Hey have you seen
my mother-in-law?'  No, wife... It's his wife, right. So he says,
`Hey, have you seen my wife?'  And so the bartender says... no,
the Jew, Chinese, the Chinese guy, he HAW HAW!  HAW... snort.
Sorry, I just remembered something funny."

"How much for the little girl?  Your women -- how much for the women?"

"We're taking you to a clambake."

...sung by the man who turned a personal affliction into a
singing career -- Don "No Soul" Wilson!

"If you could have any amount of money... How much would you want?"
"All of it."

"But Calvin is no kind and loving god!  He's one of
the _old_ gods!  He demands sacrifice!"

"Pork rinds! *Gasp* *Choke* Vienna sausages! *Uk...uk...uk*
Orange marshmallow peanuts (The Horror, The Horror)!"

"Nice tie... BONEHEAD!"

"But, will I get the chicks?  I mean, in truckloads?"

"And now, Little Bobby Pootwaddle will read last month's contest
winner."
"Last month's question --
    `In 1000 words or less, describe how
    Amy Sue Sturdfetzer looked much older than 12.'"

"If you were happy every day of your life, you wouldn't
be a human being.  You'd be a game-show host."

"I haven't time to go chasing after him!  There's violence to be done!"

"What about these commandments then?"
"You again?  All right...  There shall be TWO commandments,
and this shall be the first of them:
    "Keep the noise down."
"Just that?  `Keep the noise down'?"
"You got it."
"Hmmm.  And the second of Your commandments, Lord?"
"Do what thou wilst," (sayeth the Lord), "just
go away and don't bother Me now.  For behold,
some of Us are trying to get some sleep around here."

"Sorry, Nick.  I lied, man."

You think you got it rough?
What about your darling doggy?
Ten short years
and he's getting old and groggy.

"I'm afraid I'm not personally qualified to confuse cats."

"It's not me I'm worried about... It's your mother...
Pining away her twilight years..."
"It's a terrible thing when a mother spends her old age
in a pine tree."

"True, money _can't_ buy happiness, but it isn't
happiness I want.  It's money."

We Americans live in a nation where the medical-care system is
second to none in the world, unless you count maybe 25 or 30 little
scuzzball countries like Scotland that we could vaporize in seconds
if we felt like it.

"I hate snakes!  I hate 'em!!"
"C'mon!  Show a little backbone, will ya?"

"Oh oh!  No more buttered scones for me, Mater,
I'm off to play the grand piano!"

"I wish _I_ was a tiger."
"A common lament."

"Why is it that the truly brilliant are doomed to a life of obscurity,
surrounded by a sea of mediocrity, only to end up covered in sores in
a pool of their own filth?  Oh well, the beat goes on."

"_My_ side of the woods abounds in natural scenic splendor.  _Your_
side wallows in decay and filth.  My territory is infinitely superior
to yours."

"I'm not saying we won't get our hair mussed a bit.."

"Mushy mushy mushy."

"I think all right-thinking people in this country are sick and tired of
being told that ordinary, decent people are fed up in this country with being
sick and tired.  I'm certainly not!  But I'm sick and tired of being told
that I am!"

"Nazis!  I hate those guys."

"All Lord Julius demands is total and complete obedience
and more money every time we pay him.  He's being quite
reasonable, really..."

"Elvis has LEFT the building!"

"`Lousy stinking radicals,' he opines, `figure the law is
there for you to hide behind...  Well, the law _isn't_ there
for you to hide behind, it's there for _us_ to hide behind...
the good and law-abiding people of this great city-state.'  His
fists are like twin sledgehammers dealing out pure and righteous
justice... `You're either with us or against us, vermin... That's
what freedom's all about.'  His roach-sense floods the room...
ping!  ping!  ping!  And detects the presence of a heavily unarmed
malcontent...`Taste boot, scum...'"

"It's hard to get a refund when the salesman is sniffing
your crotch and baying at the moon..."

"If you don't vote for me I'll kill you all."

"I will point out that a lady of refinement would not wish to be found
so high in a tree."
"Then I am a lady of refinement well and truly," said Madouc, "since I
did not wish to be found."

`As leader, you should never forget those who are loyal
to you.  You should hold parties for them regularly
and have lots of whiskey (free) for them.  That way, they
get drunk and reveal themselves as the disloyal vermin they
all are in reality.'
       -- "On Governing"

"Thank God.  The police."

"Do you think there's a God?"
"Well, SOMEbody's out to get me!"

"Vaya con dios, scumbucket."

"Whether to kill yourself or not is one of the
most important decisions a teenager can make."

"There's another weird lizard farm coming up fast at eleven o'clock."

"I feel the warmth of its presence, Sam."

"Kirk may be a swaggering, overbearing, tin-plated dictator with
delusions of godhood, but he's not soft."

"Captain Kirk.  It's a pleasure to welcome you to Noldicia.
More fun than humans should be allowed to have."

"They're not booing.  They're just chanting `Dave! Dave!'"

"Mind your manners, son!  I've got a tall pointy hat!"

"You got an alarm clock in there, sir?"
"No!  No, heavens, no, no..  Just vests."
"Sounded a bit like an alarm clock going off."
"Oh, it can't have been.  It must have been a vest..
uh.. go-.. going off."

"`BILLSBY SLASHES FOUR, DIES IN COCAINE BRAWL'"
"That's the front page, Mrs. Billsby."

"Why is that ridiculous toy on your head?"
"Because if I wear it anywhere else, it chafes."

"Why are you RUNNING?  Cerebus just wants to KILL you a little..."

"You have an annoying fascination for timepieces, Mr. Sulu."

"That's so deep, I'm getting the bends.... If you want me, I'll
be in the decompression chamber."

Pipo was born with few complications, but then the doctor accidently
dropped the infant on her head provoking her drunken father to drag
the physician outside where he would beat him to death with a live
ocelot.

"The living dead don't NEED to solve word problems."

"I feel lightheaded, Sam.  I think my brain
is out of air.  But it's kind of a neat feeling."

"Kilimanjaro is a pretty tricky climb, you know.  Most of it's
up, until you reach the very very top, and then it tends to slope
away rather sharply."

"The good thing about drawing a tiger is that it automatically
makes your picture fine art."

"That gum you like is going to come back in style."

"My nipples explode with delight!"

"Ho!  Ha-ha!  Guard!  Turn!  Parry!  Dodge!  Spin!  Ha!  Thrust!"

"It's psychosomatic.  You need a lobotomy.  I'll get a saw."

"How often does the train go by?"
"So often you don't even notice it."

"I tell you, Molly, I like the work so much, I'd do it even if
I didn't have to -- by court order, under threat of fine, imprisonment,
or both."

"That's the fact, Jack!"

"Regrettable that this society has chosen suicide."

"Well, there we're in kind of a gray area..."
"How gray?"
"Charcoal."

"I would advise youse to keep dialin', Oxmix."

"I told them kids to keep their arms inside the ride.
Damnedest thing I ever saw."

"A boy without mischief is like a bowling bowl without a liquid center."

"The band is just fantastic,
That is really what I think,
Oh by the way, which one's Pink?"

Rule #10 of the Miss America Pageant:
    Liposuction is permitted, but not as part of the talent competition.

"Inconceivable!"
"You keep using that word.  I don't think it means what you think it means."

"Max, that bathing suit you're wearing makes my flesh crawl!
And where did you get sunglasses to fit your bizarrely-spaced
eyeballs?"

"Mr. Canal, stop this instant!  I must ask that you
refrain from knife-fighting in the White House!"

...And since the stench of death will always attract flies and vermin,
the arrival of Geraldo was perhaps inevitable.

"How does this sound..?  `Stop, or I'll stand very,
very still for a surprisingly long time!'"

"Guards, beat this man brutally for daring to try to confuse me!"

"Have you thought much about luggage, Mr. Banks?"
"No..."
"It's the central preoccupation of my life."

"This is not a lending library.  Put the magazine back or I'll blow
your heads off."

"I try to make everyone's day a little more surreal."

"Did you see it, Reiger?  It was hideous!"

"I don't sing, I don't dance, and I don't like people who do."

"We're not laughing at you -- we're laughing near you."

"Don't fight it - It's bigger than both of us.  In your case
that verges on the incredible."

   Spock was waiting for them when they got to the conference
room.  "Captain, I've run the data we collected through the
computer."
   "Well, Spock, you must be a very proud young man.  So what's
the deal with these council weasels?"

"Nice girls don't explode."

"How was it, little buddy?"
"It was dark, like a cave, and there were no
toilets -- just black, smoking holes in the walls
and floor!  Giant roaches howled like damned souls
as they skittered along the mouldered grout-work!"

"VROOOM! VROOOM!  Out of the way, lady!  Run!
Run for safety, foolish pedestrians!"

"[The vector] has never been of the slightest use to any creature."
-Lord Kelvin

"A mind is a terrible thing to waste someone with."

"Ladies and Gentlemen, seldom can it have been a greater pleasure
and privilege than it is for me now to announce that the next award
gave me the great pleasure and privilege of asking a man without
whose ceaseless energy and tireless skill the British Film
Industry would be today."

"Have you ever seen a spleen that large?"
"Whoa, no .. not since breakfast."

"If you don't care for your scalp, you'll get rabies!"

"Mind you, not as bad as the night Archie Pettigrew ate some
sheep's testicles for a bet...God, that bloody sheep kicked him..."

"Wheat.  So what?"

"There's nothing more dangerous than a wounded mosquito."

"Hey Dad, you crossed my line of death!"

"We're not just going to let you walk out of here."
"Who's we, sucker?"
"Smith, and Wesson, and me."

"This man is no ordinary man.  This is Mr. F. G. Superman."

"Where does he keep his water dish?"

"More pie, Admiral?"

"Dry hair's for squids."

"Really, now, Powers.  Had I intended for educated men to
read that nonsense, I would have used smaller type..."

"And when do you expect to get married?"
"Oh, right away, sport, right away, you know!  I 'aven't 'ad it
for weeks!"

"Spontaneous combustion!  What a stroke of luck!"

"Dick!  You're FIRED!"

Dark and lonely
on a summer night.
Kill my landlord,
Kill my landlord.
Watchdog barkin'
Do he bite?
Kill my landlord,
Kill my landlord.

"You look like a man with the minimum daily requirement of
intelligence.  Where can I find a book on self-confidence?"

"I'm the head waiter.  This is a vegetarian restaurant only.
We serve no animal flesh of any kind.  We're not only proud
of that, we're ... smug about it."

"...just when I had you wriggling in the crushing grip of reason, too..."

Birds of prey know they're cool.

"You must have had visions of sugarplums dancing in your head, little pal."
"Oh thank God!  I thought it was a twiching, lemon-sized brain tumor."

I saw a werewolf drinking a Pina Colada at Trader Vic's, and his
hair was _perfect_.

"Get a life!"

"Flint Paper is insane.  I really respect that."

"Sweet Loretta Fat, she thought she was a cleaner, but she was a frying pan..."

"Back off, man!  I'm a scientist!"

"If I could walk that way, I wouldn't need the aftershave."

"Oh Mr. Belpit, your legs are so swollen!"

"Take me away, imperialist puppets of the great Pay-TV satanistic
corporate booger-heads!"

"It was a mutual parting of the ways.  We gave him the freedom to
do what he wanted to do."
"What was that?"
"Drink himself to death."

Two, four, six, eight,
Time to transubstantiate!

"Storage compartments?  Storage compartments?"
"No!  That's just what they'll be expecting us to do!"
"Yes, well, that's just the sort of blinkered philistine pig-ignorance
I've come to expect from you non-creative garbage."

"Are you the police?"
"No, ma'am.  We're musicians."

"We're aimed the wrong way to be going home, Gumby."
"Home...?  We're on an express elevator to HECK!"

"Stephanie, do you know what I do when I don't understand an emotion?
I suppress and deny it."

"Sir, I think I wanted to express the duality of man - a kind of
Jungian thing, sir."

"?Que pasa, Senorita?  !I am el fugitivo!"

"I've heard about these cult jamborees.  It's an international
goon gathering.  Lots of howling and drinking... Orgiastic
worship of heathen idols... Great looking chicks in diaphanous robes..."

"How do you do your squid?"
"Fine.  How do _you_ do, sir?"

"How many men you got 'ere, Colonel?"
"Oh, 7,000 infantry, 600 artillery, and 2 divisions of paratroops."
"Paratroops, Dino!"  "It'd be a shame of someone was to set fire to dem."
"Set fire to them?!"
"Fire's 'appen, Colonel."  "Fings's burn..."

"Bicycle Repair Man, how can I ever repay you?"
"Well, you don't need to, gov, it's all right.
It's all in a day's work for ... Bicycle Repair Man. <Sniff!>"

"Where the hell's he get the atomic bomb?"

"Take my Worf, please."

"I don't patronize bunny rabbits!"

"Now hear this!  The father/son sack race will begin in 5 minutes
on the north lawn.  Participation is MANDATORY, repeat MANDATORY!"

"Look!  It's trying to think!"

"How does he do it, Smithers?"
"He's a love machine, sir."

"Kato, what is going on in that little yellow brain of yours?"

"We would like to apologize for the way in which politicians are
represented in this programme.  It was never our intention to imply
that politicians are weak-kneed, political time-servers who are more
concerned with their personal vendettas and private power struggles
than the problems of government, nor to suggest at any point that
they sacrifice their credibility by denying free debate on vital
matters in the mistaken impression that party unity comes before
the well-being of the people they supposedly represent, nor to imply
at any stage that they are squabbling little toadies without an ounce
of concern for the vital social problems of today.  Nor indeed do we
intend that viewers should consider tham as crabby ulcerous little
self-seeking vermin with furry legs and an excessive addiction to
alcohol and certain explicit sexual practices which some people might
find offensive.  We are sorry if this impression has come across."

"Knock, knock."
"Who's there?"
"Babs' uvula."
"Babs' uvula who?"
"I don't know, Babs, but I do know this.  Your uvula's on the fritz."
"Gee, doc, I must have stupidly glossed right over my uvula!"

"Mistakes were made."

"Then you admit confirming not denying you ever said that?"
"NO!...I mean Yes!  WHAT?"
"I'll put `maybe.'"

"Leaving a trail of slime wherev-"
           >CLICK!<

  "Never mind what I said," the Lord spake.  "Doth thou
listen to every crazy idea that comes thy way?" And
Abraham grew ashamed.  "Er -- not really... no."
  "I jokingly suggest thou sacrifice Isaac and thou
immediately runs out to do it."
  And Abraham fell to his knees, "See, I never know
when you are kidding."
  And the Lord thundered, "No sense of humor.  I can't
believe it."

"Llamas are larger than frogs."

"May I take this opportunity of emphasizing that there is no
cannibalism in the British Navy.  Absolutely none, and when I
say none, I mean there is a certain amount, more than we are
prepared to admit."

"Into the mud, Scum Queen!"

"Want some pretzels?"
"No thanks, we're on duty.  A couple beers would be nice, though."

"They pelted us with rocks and garbage!"

"Shall we go down and give blood?"
"Oh, I don't want a great bat flapping round my neck."

"It's a dessert topping AND a floor wax!"

"Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit sniffing glue!"

"Curse you, Inspector Dim. You are too clever for us naughty people."

Hurl that spheroid down the field..

"There should be a psychology of feet.  For do we not
make decisions with our legs, and walk about on our brains?

What do you mean, `No, not really,'?"
-from "The Notebooks of Mauve'Bib--Outtakes, Bloopers,
and Unconvincing Maxims," Edited by the Princess Serutan.

"I'm a LAGOMORPH, Sam!  Look it up!"

But for the lack of any untoward circumstances for this young
secretary to notice, and the total non-involvement of Mr. Mellish
in anything illegal, the full weight of the law would have
insured that Ralph Aldis Mellish would have ended up like all who
challenge the fundamental laws of our society: in an iron coffin
with spikes on the inside!

"One of us should bust in and confuse them while _I_
head them off around front."

"Get that finger out of your ear!  You don't know where that finger's been!"

"He was a thief, and a terrorist, but on the other hand he had
a tremendous singing voice."

"If you wanted to make Sarok the Preparer cry, well, mission accomplished."

"Remember, this is only an exhibition, this is NOT a competition -- please,
no wagering."

"I'll have you all executed!"
"I think not."

"Mind you, I can't say much for the volume's condition.
I mean, there's a hole in the jacket and the spine appears
to be damaged."

"Zere were zwei peanuts walking down ze strasse.
And one was assaulted.. peanut.  Ha ha ha.."

"It's the Peterson kid dressed as an iguana!"

"Gregor Wass, your presence intimidates me to the point of humiliation.
Would you care to strike me?"

"And stop referring to dinner as `the recent unpleasantness'."

"Baldrick, you wouldn't see a subtle plan if it painted itself purple
and danced naked on top of a harpsichord singing 'Subtle Plans Are
Here Again'."

"You think they spotted us?"
"Gimme a donut."

"Say, isn't that a twenty-story-high Gumby-shaped robot
approaching at about Mach 8?"
"What do you know...?  So it is."

"The world bores you when you're cool."

"I'm 6 foot 5, and I eat punks like you for breakfast!"

"It's classified.  I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you."

"Are there many fires in Norway?"
"Oh Good Lord yes.  The place is a constant blaze!"

"All right, you worthless _vermin_!  No more Mister Nice Pope!"

"They're an insidious bunch, your killer pianos.
Had one get loose on me back in '62.  It slipped
out of the cables while we were lowering it out
of its twelfth story apartment, and crushed six
innocents in an insane bid for freedom."

"He doesn't know when he's beaten, this boy.  He doesn't know when
he's winning either.  He doesn't have any sort of sensory apparatus
known to man."

"Oh no.  Ed Smith, Lizard of Doom, has come from a planet
far beyond our solar system to devour us.  Gaze and tremble,
mortals.  None can escape the wrath of Ed Smith, Lizard of Doom."

"Have you got a 27 B stroke 6?"

"Many people in this country are becoming increasingly worried about
bullfighting.  They say it's not only cruel, vicious, and immoral, but
also blatantly unfair.  The bull is heavy, violent, abusive, and
aggressive, wth four legs and great sharp teeth, whereas the bullfighter
is only a small, greasy Spaniard."

Your digestive system is your body's Fun House, whereby food goes
on a long, dark, scary ride, taking all kinds of unexpected twists
and turns, being attacked by vicious secretions along the way, and
not knowing until the last minute whether it will be turned into a
useful body part or ejected into the Dark Hole by Mister Sphincter.

"Mr. Notlob, there's nothing wrong with you that an expensive
operation can't prolong!"

"You know what I wish?  I wish all the scum of the Earth had one throat
and I had my hands about it."

"I can't think of anything more relaxing than being locked
in a moving car with YOU for about 300 hours, little pal."

"That's really sweet, Sam.  I may weep openly."

"Ooh, neat!  Santa got caught in this beartrap I set!  Wow!  He
gnawed his own foot off to escape!"

"Help!  Help!  I'm being repressed!"

"We interviewers are more than a match for the likes of you, Two-Sheds!"
"Yes, make yourself scarce, Two-Sheds.  This studio isn't big enough for
the three of us!"

"Get your own arts program, you fairy!"

"Oh, great altar of passive entertainment, bestow upon
me thy discordant images at such speed as to render linear
thought impossible!"

"Strange things are afoot at the Circle-K."

"Has anybody seen my legs?"

"I've got a lot of cutting and pasting to do, gentleman, so
please, why don't you return to your porch rockers and resume
whittling?"

"What better place to begin my reign of Communist terror and
oppression than a memorial to that decadent and imperialist
American, Melville Dewey, hated originator of the Dewey Decimal
System!!"

"I've grown to hate them."

"How many of us can honestly say that at one time or another he
hasn't felt sexually attracted to mice?"

"Joey, do you like movies about gladiators?"

School's out!
School's out!
Teacher let the monkeys out!
One was jailed!
One prevailed!
Both asked God: "How have I failed?"
--traditional grad school chant

Senators, TV Crews, and the nation in general are mystified when,
on the third day, Flaming Carrot shows a STAR TREK BLOOPER REEL
on behalf of the defense.

That's not funny, that's sick!

"Well, it's garish, ugly, and derelicts have used it
for a toilet.  The rides are dilapidated to the point
of being lethal, and could easily maim or kill innocent
little children."

"Oh, so you don't like it?"
"Don't like it?  I'm CRAZY for it."

"Don't be stupid.  Be a smarty.
 Come and join the Nazi Party."

"You're just the sort of person I imagined marrying, when I was little...
..except, y'know, not green...
...and without all the patches of fungus."

"Captain, how soon can we land?"
"I can't tell."
"You can tell me; I'm a doctor."

"Did you know the phone company uses the bone marrow
of Third World babies to make microchips?"

"Once the trust goes out of a relationship, it's no fun
lying to them anymore."

"Jane, you ignorant slut."

"Speaking as a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, as
first minister of Louis XIII, and as one of the architects
of the modern world already, would you say that Harold Larch
was a man of good character?"
"Listen, Harry is a very wonderful human being."

"Where do we keep all our chainsaws, mom?"

"Ah, monsieur.  And how are we today?"
"Better."
"Better?"
"Better get a bucket.  I'm gonna throw up."

"We have your favorite animal cookies.  Here's
a gorilla... Here's a collared peccary..."

"I may be synthetic, but I'm not stupid."

"Hey, Max -- Wake up!  You're missing all the fun!"
"What?"

"A seven-foot specter of evil appeared in front
of the car, so I ran over it.  Sounded like a bag
of laundry going under.  Hope I didn't hurt the
tires.  Want a fig newton?"

"I feel like I know her, but sometimes my arms bend back."

SLAUGHTERHOUSE-FIVE
OR THE CHILDREN'S
CRUSADE
A Duty-dance with Death
KURT VONNEGUT, JR.
[NAL Release #21]
[15 jan 2001  OCR errors removed  v1]
A fourth-generation German-American
now living in easy circumstances
on Cape Cod
[and smoking too much],
who, as an American infantry scout
hors de combat,
as a prisoner of war,
witnessed the fire-bombing of Dresden, Germany,
'The Florence of the Elbe,'
a long time ago,
and survived to tell the tale.
This is a novel
somewhat in the telegraphic schizophrenic
manner of tales
of the planet Tralfamadore,
where the flying saucers
come from.
Peace.
Granada Publishing Limited
Published in 1972 by Panther Books Ltd
Frogmore, St Albans, Herts AL2 2NF
Reprinted 1972, 1973 (twice), 1974, 1975
First published in Great Britain by Jonathan Cape Ltd 1970
Copyright (D Kurt Vonnegut Jr. 1969
Made and printed in Great Britain by
Richard Clay (The Chaucer Press) Ltd
Bungy, Suffolk
Set in Linotype Plantin
This book is sold subject to the condition that it shall not, by way of trade or otherwise,
be lent, re-sold, hired out or otherwise circulated without the publisher's prior consent in
any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar
condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.
This book is published at a net price and is supplied subject to the Publishers Association
Standard Conditions of Sale registered under the Restrictive Trade Practices Act, 1956.
Grateful acknowledgment is made for permission to reprint the following material:
'The Waking': copyright 1953 by Theodore Roethke from
THE COLLECTED POEMS OF THEODORE ROETHKE
printed by permission of Doubleday & Company, Inc.
THE DESTRUCTION OF DRESDEN by David Irving:
From the Introduction by Ira C. Eaker, Lt. Gen. USAF (RET.) and Foreword by Air
Marshall Sir Robert Saundby. Copyright 1963 by William Kimber and Co. Limited.
Reprinted by permission of Holt, Rinehart and Winston, Inc. and William Kimber and
Co. Limited.
'Leven Cent Cotton' by Bob Miller and Emma Dermer: Copyright  1928, 1929 by MCA
Music, a Division of MCA Inc. Copyright renewed 1955,1956 and assigned to MCA
Music, a division of MCA Inc. Used by permission.
for
Mary OHare
and
Gerhard Mller
The cattle are lowing,
The Baby awakes,
But the little Lord Jesus
No crying He makes.
One
All this happened, more or less. The war parts, anyway, are pretty much true. One guy I
knew really was shot in Dresden for taking a teapot that wasn't his. Another guy I knew
really did threaten to have his personal enemies killed by hired gunmen after the war.
And so on. I've changed all the names.
 I really did go back to Dresden with Guggenheim money (God love it) in 1967. It
looked a lot like Dayton, Ohio, more open spaces than Dayton has. There must be tons of
human bone meal in the ground.
 I went back there with an old war buddy, Bernard V. O'Hare, and we made friends
with a taxi driver, who took us to the slaughterhouse where we had been locked up at
night as prisoner of war. His name was Gerhard Mller. He told us that he was a prisoner
of the Americans for a while. We asked him how it was to live under Communism, and
he said that it was terrible at first, because everybody had to work so hard, and because
there wasn't much shelter or food or clothing. But things were much better now. He had a
pleasant little apartment, and his daughter was getting an excellent education. His mother
was incinerated in the Dresden fire-storm. So it goes.
 He sent O'Hare a postcard at Christmastime, and here is what it said:
 'I wish you and your family also as to your friend Merry Christmas and a happy New
Year and I hope that we'll meet again in a world of peace and freedom in the taxi cab if
the accident will.'
 I like that very much: 'If the accident will.'
 I would hate to tell you what this lousy little book cost me in money and anxiety and
time. When I got home from the Second World War twenty-three years ago, I thought it
would be easy for me to write about the destruction of Dresden, since all I would have to
do would be to report what I had seen. And I thought, too, that it would be a masterpiece
or at least make me a lot of money, since the subject was so big.
 But not many words about Dresden came from my mind then-not enough of them to
make a book, anyway. And not many words come now, either, when I have become an
old fart with his memories and his Pall Malls, with his sons full grown. I think of how
useless the Dresden-part of my memory has been, and yet how tempting Dresden has
been to write about, and I am reminded of the famous limerick:
There was a young man from Stamboul,
Who soliloquized thus to his tool,
'You took all my wealth
And you ruined my health,
And now you won't pee, you old fool
 And I'm reminded, too, of the song that goes
My name is Yon Yonson,
I work in Wisconsin,
I work in a lumbermill there.
The people I meet when I walk down the street,
They say, 'What's your name?
And I say,
My name is Yon Yonson,
I work in Wisconsin...
 And so on to infinity.
 Over the years, people I've met have often asked me what I'm working on, and I've
usually replied that the main thing was a book about Dresden.
 I said that to Harrison Starr, the movie-maker, one time, and he raised his eyebrows
and inquired, 'Is it an anti-war book?'
 'Yes,' I said. 'I guess.'
 'You know what I say to people when I hear they're writing anti-war books?'
'No. What do you say, Harrison Starr?'
'I say, "Why don't you write an anti-glacier book instead?"'
What he meant, of course, was that there would always be wars, that they were as easy
to stop as glaciers. I believe that too.
 And, even if wars didn't keep coming like glaciers, there would still be plain old death.
 When I was somewhat younger, working on my famous Dresden book, I asked an old
war buddy named Bernard V. O'Hare if I could come to see him. He was a district
attorney in Pennsylvania. I was a writer on Cape Cod. We had been privates in the war,
infantry scouts. We had never expected to make any money after the war, but we were
doing quite well.
 I had the Bell Telephone Company find him for me. They are wonderful that way. I
have this, disease late at night sometimes, involving alcohol and the telephone. I get
drunk, and I drive my wife away with a breath like mustard gas and roses. And then,
speaking gravely and elegantly into the telephone, I ask the telephone operators to
connect me with this friend or that one, from whom I have not heard in years.
 I got O'Hare on the line in this way. He is short and I am tall. We were Mutt and Jeff in
the war. We were captured together in the war. I told him who I was on the telephone. He
had no trouble believing it. He was up. He was reading. Everybody else in his house was
asleep.
 'Listen,' I said, 'I'm writing this book about Dresden. I'd like some help remembering
stuff. I wonder if I could come down and see you, and we could drink and talk and
remember.'
 He was unenthusiastic. He said he couldn't remember much. He told me, though, to
come ahead.
 'I think the climax of the book will be the execution of poor old Edgar Derby,' I said.
'The irony is so great. A whole city gets burned down, and thousands and thousands of
people are killed. And then this one American foot soldier is arrested in the ruins for
taking a teapot. And he's given a regular trial, and then he's shot by a firing squad.'
 'Um,' said O'Hare.
 'Don't you think that's really where the climax should come?' 'I don't know anything
about it,' he said. 'That's your trade, not mine.'
 As a trafficker in climaxes and thrills and characterization and wonderful dialogue and
suspense and confrontations, I had outlined the Dresden story many times. The best
outline I ever made, or anyway the prettiest one, was on the back of a roll of wallpaper.
 I used my daughter's crayons, a different color for each main character. One end of the
wallpaper was the beginning of the story, and the other end was the end, and then there
was all that middle part, which was the middle. And the blue line met the red line and
then the yellow line, and the yellow line stopped because the character represented by the
yellow line was dead. And so on. The destruction of Dresden was represented by a
vertical band of orange cross-hatching, and all the lines that were still alive passed
through it, came out the other side.
 The end, where all the lines stopped, was a beetfield on the Elbe, outside of Halle. The
rain was coming down. The war in Europe had been over for a couple of weeks. We were
formed in ranks, with Russian soldiers guarding us-Englishmen, Americans, Dutchmen,
Belgians, Frenchmen, Canadians, South Africans, New Zealanders, Australians,
thousands of us about to stop being prisoners of war.
 And on the other side of the field were thousands of Russians and Poles and
Yugoslavians and so on guarded by American soldiers. An exchange was made there in
the rain-one for one. O'Hare and I climbed into the back of an American truck with a lot
of others. O'Hare didn't have any souvenirs. Almost everybody else did. I had a
ceremonial Luftwaffe saber, still do. The rabid little American I call Paul Lazzaro in this
book had about a quart of diamonds and emeralds and rubies and so on' He had taken
these from dead people in the cellars of Dresden.' So it goes.
 An idiotic Englishman, who had lost all his teeth somewhere had his souvenir in a
canvas bag. The bag was resting on my insteps. He would peek into the bag every now
and then, and he would roll his eyes and swivel his scrawny neck,, trying to catch people
looking covetously at his bag. And he would bounce the bag on my insteps.
I thought this bouncing was accidental. But I was mistaken. He had to show somebody
what was in the bag, and he had decided he could trust me. He caught my eye, winked,
opened the bag. There was a plaster model of the Eiffel Tower in there. It was painted
gold. It had a clock in it.
 'There's a smashin' thing,' he said.
 And we were flown to a rest camp in France, where we were fed chocolate malted
milkshakes and other rich foods until we were all covered with baby fat. Then we were
sent home, and I married a pretty girl who was covered with baby fat, too.
 And we had babies.
 And they're all grown up now, and I'm an old fart with his memories and his Pall
Malls. My name is Yon Yonson, I work in Wisconsin, I work in a lumbermill there.
 Sometimes I try to call up old girl friends on the telephone late at night, after my wife
has gone to bed. 'Operator, I wonder if you could give me the number of a Mrs. So-andSo.
I think she lives at such-and-such.'
 'I'm sorry, sir. There is no such listing.'
'Thanks, Operator. Thanks just the same.'
 And I let the dog out or I let him in, and we talk some. I let him know I like him, and
he lets me know he likes me. He doesn't mind the smell of mustard gas and roses.
 'You're all right, Sandy, I'll say to the dog. 'You know that, Sandy? You're O.K.'
 Sometimes I'll turn on the radio and listen to a talk program from Boston or New York.
I can't stand recorded music if I've been drinking a good deal.
 Sooner or later I go to bed, and my wife asks me what time it is. She always has to
know the time. Sometimes I don't know, and I say, 'Search me.'
 I think about my education sometimes. I went to the University of Chicago for a while
after the Second World War. I was a student in the Department of Anthropology. At that
time, they were teaching that there was absolutely no difference between anybody. They
may be teaching that still.
 Another thing they taught was that nobody was ridiculous or bad or disgusting. Shortly
before my father died, he said to me, 'You know-you never wrote a story with a villain in
it.'
 I told him that was one of the things I learned in college after the war.
 While I was studying to be an anthropologist, I was also working as a police reporter
for the famous Chicago City News Bureau for twenty-eight dollars a week. One time they
switched me from the night shift to the day shift., so I worked sixteen hours straight. We
were supported by all the newspapers in town, and the AP and the UP and all that. And
we would cover the courts and the police stations and the Fire Department and the Coast
Guard out on Lake Michigan and all that. We were connected to the institutions that
supported us by means of pneumatic tubes which ran under the streets of Chicago.
 Reporters would telephone in stories to writers wearing headphones, and the writers
would stencil the stories on mimeograph sheets. The stories were mimeographed and
stuffed into the brass and velvet cartridges which the pneumatic tubes ate. The very
toughest reporters and writers were women who had taken over the jobs of men who'd
gone to war.
 And the first story I covered I had to dictate over the telephone to one of those beastly
girls. It was about a young veteran who had taken a job running an old-fashioned elevator
in an office building. The elevator door on the first floor was ornamental iron lace. Iron
ivy snaked in and out of the holes. There was an iron twig with two iron lovebirds
perched upon it.
 This veteran decided to take his car into the basement, and he closed the door and
started down, but his wedding ring Was caught in all the ornaments. So he was hoisted
into the air and the floor of the car went down, dropped out from under him, and the top
of the car squashed him. So it goes.
 So I phoned this in, and the woman who was going to cut the stencil asked me. 'What
did his wife say?'
 'She doesn't know yet,' I said. 'It just happened.'
 'Call her up and get a statement.'
 'What?'
 'Tell her you're Captain Finn of the Police Department. Say you have some sad news.
Give her the news, and see what she says.'
 So I did. She said about what you would expect her to say. There was a baby. And so
on.
 When I got back to the office, the woman writer asked me, just for her own
information, what the squashed guy had looked Eke when he was squashed.
 I told her.
 'Did it bother you?' she said. She was eating a Three Musketeers Candy Bar.
 'Heck no, Nancy,' I said. 'I've seen lots worse than that in the war.'
 Even then I was supposedly writing a book about Dresden. It wasn't a famous air raid
back then in America. Not many Americans knew how much worse it had been than
Hiroshima, for instance. I didn't know that, either. There hadn't been much publicity.
 I happened to tell a University of Chicago professor at a cocktail party about the raid as
I had seen it, about the book I would write. He was a member of a thing called The
Committee on Social Thought. And he told me about the concentration camps, and about
how the Germans had made soap and candles out of the fat of dead Jews and so on.
 All could say was, 'I know, I know. I know.'
 The Second World War had certainly made everybody very tough. And I became a
public relations man for General Electric in Schenectady, New York, and a volunteer
fireman in the Village of Alplaus, where I bought my first home. My boss there was one
of the toughest guys I ever hope to meet. He had been a lieutenant colonel in public
relations in Baltimore. While I was in Schenectady he joined the Dutch Reformed
Church, which is a very tough church, indeed.
 He used to ask me sneeringly sometimes why I hadn't been an officer, as though I'd
done something wrong.
 My wife and I had lost our baby fat. Those were our scrawny years. We had a lot of
scrawny veterans and their scrawny wives for friends. The nicest veterans in
Schenectady, I thought, the kindest and funniest ones, the ones who hated war the most,
were the ones who'd really fought.
 I wrote the Air Force back then, asking for details about the raid on Dresden, who
ordered it, how many planes did it, why they did it, what desirable results there had been
and so on. I was answered by a man who, like myself, was in public relations. He said
that he was sorry, but that the information was top secret still.
 I read the letter out loud to my wife, and I said, 'Secret? My God-from whom?'
 We were United World Federalists back then. I don't know what we are now.
Telephoners, I guess. We telephone a lot-or I do, anyway, late at night.
 A couple of weeks after I telephoned my old war buddy, Bernard V. O'Hare, I really
did go to see him. That must have been in 1964 or so-whatever the last year was for the
New York World's Fair. Eheu, fugaces labuntur anni. My name is Yon Yonson. There
was a young man from Stamboul.
 I took two little girls with me, my daughter, Nanny, and her best friend, Allison
Mitchell. They had never been off Cape Cod before. When we saw a river, we had to stop
so they could stand by it and think about it for a while. They had never seen water in that
long and narrow, unsalted form before. The river was the Hudson. There were carp in
there and we saw them. They were as big as atomic submarines.
 We saw waterfalls, too, streams jumping off cliffs into the valley of the Delaware.
There were lots of things to stop and see-and then it was time to go, always time to go.
The little girls were wearing white party dresses and black party shoes, so strangers
would know at once how nice they were. 'Time to go, girls,' I'd say. And we would go.
 And the sun went down, and we had supper in an Italian place, and then I knocked on
the front door of the beautiful stone house of Bernard V. O'Hare. I was carrying a bottle
of Irish whiskey like a dinner bell.
 I met his nice wife, Mary, to whom I dedicate this book. I dedicate it to Gerhard
Mller, the Dresden taxi driver, too. Mary O'Hare is a trained nurse, which is a lovely
thing for a woman to be.
 Mary admired the two little girls I'd brought, mixed them in with her own children,
sent them all upstairs to play games and watch television. It was only after the children
were gone that I sensed that Mary didn't like me or didn't like something about the night.
She was polite but chilly.
 'It's a nice cozy house you have here,' I said, and it really was.
'I've fixed up a place where you can talk and not be bothered,' she said.
 'Good,' I said, and I imagined two leather chairs near a fire in a paneled room, where
two old soldiers could drink and talk. But she took us into the kitchen. She had put two
straight-backed chairs at a kitchen table with a white porcelain top. That table top was
screaming with reflected light from a two-hundred-watt bulb overhead. Mary had
prepared an operating room. She put only one glass on it, which was for me. She
explained that O'Hare couldn't drink the hard stuff since the war.
 So we sat down. O'Hare was embarrassed, but he wouldn't tell me what was wrong. I
couldn't imagine what it was about me that could bum up Mary so. I was a family man.
I'd been married only once. I wasn't a drunk. I hadn't done her husband any dirt in the
war.
 She fixed herself a Coca-Cola, made a lot of noise banging the ice-cube tray in the
stainless steel sink. Then she went into another part of the house. But she wouldn't sit
still. She was moving all over the house, opening and shutting doors, even moving
furniture around to work off anger.
 I asked O'Hare what I'd said or done to make her act that way.
 'It's all right,' he said. "Don't worry about it. It doesn't have anything to do with you.'
That was kind of him. He was lying. It had everything to do with me.
 So we tried to ignore Mary and remember the war. I took a couple of belts of the
booze I'd brought. We would chuckle or grin sometimes, as though war stories were
coming back, but neither one of us could remember anything good. O'Hare remembered
one guy who got into a lot of wine in Dresden, before it was bombed, and we had to take
him home in a wheelbarrow.
 It wasn't much to write a book about. I remembered two Russian soldiers who had
looted a clock factory. They had a horse-drawn wagon full of clocks. They were happy
and drunk. They were smoking huge cigarettes they had rolled in newspaper.
 That was about it for memories, and Mary was still making noise. She finally came
out in the kitchen again for another Coke. She took another tray of ice cubes from the
refrigerator, banged it in the sink, even though there was already plenty of ice out.
 Then she turned to me, let me see how angry she was, and that the anger was for me.
She had been talking to herself, so what she said was a fragment of a much larger
conversation. "You were just babies then!' she said.
 'What?" I said.
'You were just babies in the war-like the ones upstairs! '
 I nodded that this was true. We had been foolish virgins in the war, right at the end of
childhood.
 'But you're not going to write it that way, are you.' This wasn't a question. It was an
accusation.
 'I-I don't know,' I said.
 'Well, I know,' she said. 'You'll pretend you were men instead of babies, and you'll be
played in the movies by Frank Sinatra and John Wayne or some of those other
glamorous, war-loving, dirty old men. And war will look just wonderful, so we'll have a
lot more of them. And they'll be fought by babies like the babies upstairs.'
 So then I understood. It was war that made her so angry. She didn't want her babies or
anybody else's babies killed in wars. And she thought wars were partly encouraged by
books and movies.
 So I held up my right hand and I made her a promise 'Mary,' I said, 'I don't think this
book is ever going to be finished. I must have written five thousand pages by now, and
thrown them all away. If I ever do finish it, though, I give you my word of honor: there
won't be a part for Frank Sinatra or John Wayne.
 'I tell you what,' I said, 'I'll call it The Children's Crusade.'
 She was my friend after that.
 O'Hare and I gave up on remembering, went into the living room, talked about other
things. We became curious about the real Children's Crusade, so O'Hare looked it up in a
book he had, Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds, by Charles
Mackay, LL.D. It was first published in London in 1841.
 Mackay had a low opinion of all Crusades. The Children's Crusade struck him as only
slightly more sordid than the ten Crusades for grown-ups. O'Hare read this handsome
passage out loud:
 History in her solemn page informs us that the Crusaders were but ignorant and
savage men, that their motives were those of bigotry unmitigated, and that their pathway
was one of blood and wars. Romance, on the other hand, dilates upon their piety and
heroism, and portrays, in her most glowing and impassioned hues, their virtue and
magnanimity, the imperishable honor they acquired for themselves, and the great
services they rendered to Christianity.
 And then O'Hare read this: Now what was the grand result of all these struggles?
Europe expended millions of her treasures, and the blood of two million of her people;
and a handful of quarrelsome knights retained possession of Palestine for about one
hundred years!
 Mackay told us that the Children's Crusade started in 1213, when two monks got the
idea of raising armies of children in Germany and France, and selling them in North
Africa as slaves. Thirty thousand children volunteered, thinking they were going to
Palestine. They were no doubt idle and deserted children who generally swarm in great
cities, nurtured on vice and daring, said Mackay, and ready for anything.
 Pope Innocent the Third thought they were going to Palestine, too, and he was thrilled.
'These children are awake while we are asleep!' he said.
 Most of the children were shipped out of Marseilles, and about half of them drowned
in shipwrecks. The other half got to North Africa where they were sold.
 Through a misunderstanding, some children reported for duty at Genoa, where no slave
ships were waiting. They were fed and sheltered and questioned kindly by good people
there-then given a little money and a lot of advice and sent back home.
 'Hooray for the good people of Genoa,' said Mary O'Hare.
 I slept that night in one of the children's bedrooms. O'Hare had put a book for me on
the bedside table. It was Dresden, History, Stage and Gallery, by Mary Endell. It was
published in 1908, and its introduction began
 It is hoped that this little book will make itself useful. It attempts to give to an Englishreading
public a bird's-eye view of how Dresden came to look as it does, architecturally;
of how it expanded musically, through the genius of a few men, to its present bloom; and
it calls attention to certain permanent landmarks in art that make its Gallery the resort of
those seeking lasting impressions.
 I read some history further on
 Now, in 1760, Dresden underwent siege by the Prussians. On the fifteenth of July
began the cannonade. The Picture-Gallery took fire. Many of the paintings had been
transported to-the Konigstein, but some were seriously injured by splinters of
bombshells-notably Francia's 'Baptism of Christ.' Furthermore, the stately Kreuzkirche
tower, from which the enemy's movements had been watched day and night, stood in
flames. It later succumbed. In sturdy contrast with the pitiful fate of the Kreuzkirche,
stood the Frauenkirche, from the curves of whose stone dome the Prussian bombs -
rebounded like rain. Friederich was obliged finally to give up the siege, because he
learned of the fall of Glatz, the critical point of his new conquests. 'We must be off to
Silesia, so that we do not lose everything.'
 The devastation of Dresden was boundless. When Goethe as a young student visited
the city, he still found sad ruins 'Von der Kuppel der Frauenkirche sah ich these leidigen
Trmmer zwischen die schone stddtische Ordnung hineingest; da rhmte mir der Kiister
die Kunst des Baumeisters, welcher Kirche und Kuppel auf einen so unerinschten Fall
schon eingeyichtet und bombenfest erbaut hatte. Der gute Sakristan deutete mir alsdann
auf Ruinen nach allen Seiten und sagte bedenklich lakonisch: Das hat her Feind Gethan!'
 The two little girls and I crossed the Delaware River where George Washington had
crossed it, the next morning. We went to the New York World's Fair, saw what the past
had been like, according to the Ford Motor Car Company and Walt Disney, saw what the
future would be like, according to General Motors.
 And I asked myself about the present: how wide it was, how deep it was, how much
was mine to keep.
 I taught creative writing in the famous Writers Workshop at the University of Iowa for
a couple of years after that. I got into some perfectly beautiful trouble, got out of it again.
I taught in the afternoons. In the mornings I wrote. I was not to be disturbed. I was
working on my famous book about Dresden.
 And somewhere in there a nice man named Seymour Lawrence gave me a three-book
contract, and I said, 'O.K., the first of the three will be my famous book about Dresden.'
 The friends of Seymour Lawrence call him 'Sam.' And I say to Sam now: 'Sam-here's
the book.'
 It is so short and jumbled and jangled, Sam, because there is nothing intelligent to say
about a massacre. Everybody is supposed to be dead, to never say anything or want
anything ever again. Everything is supposed to be very quiet after a massacre, and it
always is, except for the birds.
 And what do the birds say? All there is to say about a massacre, things like 'Poo-teeweet?'
 I have told my sons that they are not under any circumstances to take part in
massacres, and that the news of massacres of enemies is not to fill them with satisfaction
or glee.
 I have also told them not to work for companies which make massacre machinery, and
to express contempt for people who think we need machinery like that.
 As I've said I recently went back to Dresden with my friend O'Hare. We had a million
laughs in Hamburg and West Berlin and East Berlin and Vienna and Salzburg and
Helsinki, and in Leningrad, too. It was very good for me, because I saw a lot of authentic
backgrounds for made-up stories which I will write later on. One of them will be Russian
Baroque and another will be No Kissing and another will be Dollar Bar and another will
be If the Accident Will, and so on.
 And so on.
 There was a Lufthansa plane that was supposed to fly from Philadelphia to Boston to
Frankfurt. O'Hare was supposed to get on in Philadelphia and I was supposed to get on in
Boston, and off we'd go. But Boston was socked in, so the plane flew straight to
Frankfurt from Philadelphia. And I became a non-person in the Boston Fog, and
Lufthansa put me in a limousine with some other non-persons and sent us to a motel for a
non-night.
 The time would not pass. Somebody was playing with the clocks, and not only with the
electric clocks, but the wind-up kind, too. The second hand on my watch would twitch
once, and a year would pass, and then it would twitch again.
 There was nothing I could do about it. As an Earthling., I had to believe whatever
clocks said-and calendars.
 I had two books with me, which I'd meant to read on the plane. One was Words for the
Wind, by Theodore Roethke, and this is what I found in there:
I wake to steep, and take my waking slow.
I feet my late in what I cannot fear.
I learn by going where I have to go.
 My other book was Erika Ostrovsky's Cline and His Vision. Cline was a brave
French soldier in the First World War-until his skull was cracked. After that he couldn't
sleep, and there were noises in his head. He became a doctor, and he treated poor people
in the daytime, and he wrote grotesque novels all night. No art is possible without a dance
with death, he wrote.
 The truth is death, he wrote. I've fought nicely against it as long as I could ... danced
with it, festooned it, waltzed it around ... decorated it with streamers, titillated it...
Time obsessed him. Miss Ostrovsky reminded me of the amazing scene in Death on the
Installment Plan where Cline wants to stop the bustling of a street crowd. He screams on
paper, Make them stop ... don't let them move anymore at all ... There, make them freeze
... once and for all! ... So that they won't disappear anymore!
 I looked through the Gideon Bible in my motel room for tales of great destruction. The
sun was risen upon the Earth when Lot entered into Zo-ar, I read. Then the Lord rained
upon Sodom and upon Gomorrah brimstone and fire from the Lord out of Heaven; and
He overthrew those cities, and all the plain, and all the inhabitants of the cities, and that
which grew upon the ground.
 So it goes.
 Those were vile people in both those cities, as is well known. The world was better off
without them.
 And Lot's wife, of course, was told not to look back where all those people and their
homes had been. But she did look back, and I love her for that, because it was so human.
 She was turned to a pillar of salt. So it goes.
 People aren't supposed to look back. I'm certainly not going to do it anymore.
 I've finished my war book now. The next one I write is going to be fun.
 This one is a failure, and had to be, since it was written by a pillar of salt. It begins
like this:
 Listen:
 Billy Pilgrim has come unstuck in time.
 It ends like this:
 Poo-tee-weet?
Two
Listen:
 Billy Pilgrim has come unstuck in time.
 Billy has gone to sleep a senile widower and awakened on his wedding day. He has
walked through a door in 1955 and come out another one in 1941. He has gone back
through that door to find himself in 1963. He has seen his birth and death many times, he
says, and pays random visits to all the events in between.
 He says.
 Billy is spastic in time, has no control over where he is going next, and the trips aren't
necessarily fun. He is in a constant state of stage fright, he says, because he never knows
what part of his life he is going to have to act in next.
 Billy was bon in 1922 in Ilium, New York, the only child of a barber there. He was a
funny-looking child who became a funny-looking youth-tall and weak, and shaped like a
bottle of Coca-Cola. He graduated from Ilium High School in the upper third of his class,
and attended night sessions at the Ilium School of Optometry for one semester before
being drafted for military service in the Second World War. His father died in a hunting
accident during the war. So it goes.
 Billy saw service with the infantry in Europe, and was taken prisoner by the Germans.
After his honorable discharge from the Army in 1945, Billy again enrolled in the Ilium
School of Optometry. During his senior year there, he became engaged to the daughter
of the founder and owner of the school, and then suffered a mild nervous collapse.
 He was treated in a veterans' hospital near Lake Placid, and was given shock
treatments and released. He married his fiance, finished his education, and was set up in
business in Ilium by his father-in-law. Ilium is a particularly good city for optometrists
because the General Forge and Foundry Company is there. Every employee is required
to own a pair of safety glasses, and to wear them in areas where manufacturing is going
on. GF&F has sixty-eight thousand employees in Ilium. That calls for a lot of lenses and
a lot of frames.
 Frames are where the money is.
 Bill became rich. He had two children, Barbara and Robert. In time, his daughter
Barbara married another optometrist., and Billy set him up in business. Billy's son Robert
had a lot of trouble in high school, but then he joined the famous Green Berets. He
straightened out, became a fine young man, and he fought in Vietnam.
 Early in 1968, a group of optometrists, with Billy among them, chartered an airplane to
fly them from Ilium to an international convention of optometrists in Montreal. The plane
crashed on top of Sugarbush Mountain, in Vermont. Everybody was killed but Billy. So
it goes.
 While Billy was recuperating in a hospital in Vermont, his wife died accidentally of
carbon-monoxide poisoning. So it goes.
 When Billy finally got home to Ilium after the airplane crash, he was quiet for a while.
He had a terrible scar across the top of his skull. He didn't resume practice. He had a
housekeeper. His daughter came over almost every day.
 And then, without any warning, Billy went to New York City, and got on an all-night
radio program devoted to talk. He told about having come unstuck in time. He said, too,
that he had been kidnapped by a flying saucer in 1967. The saucer was from the planet
Tralfamadore, he said. He was taken to Tralfamadore, where he was displayed naked in a
zoo, he said. He was mated there with a former Earthling movie star named Montana
Wildhack.
 Some night owls in Ilium heard Billy on the radio, and one of them called Billy's
daughter Barbara. Barbara was upset. She and her husband went down to New York and
brought Billy home. Billy insisted mildly that everything he had said on the radio was
true. He said he had been kidnapped by the Tralfamadorians on the night of his daughter's
wedding. He hadn't been missed, he said, because the Tralfamadorians had taken him
through a time warp, so that he could be on Tralfamadore for years, and still be away
from Earth for only a microsecond.
 Another month went by without incident, and then Billy wrote a letter to the Ilium
News Leader, which the paper published. It described the creatures from Tralfamadore.
 The letter said that they were two feet high, and green., and shaped like plumber's
friends. Their suction cups were on the ground, and their shafts, which were extremely
flexible, usually pointed to the sky. At the top of each shaft was a little hand with a green
eye in its palm. The creatures were friendly, and they could see in four dimensions. They
pitied Earthlings for being able to see only three. They had many wonderful things to
teach Earthlings, especially about time. Billy promised to tell what some of those
wonderful things were in his next letter.
 Billy was working on his second letter when the first letter was published. The second
letter started out like this:
 'The most important thing I learned on Tralfamadore was that when a person dies he
only appears to die. He is still very much alive in the past, so it is very silly for people to
cry at his funeral. All moments, past, present and future, always have existed, always will
exist. The Tralfamadorians can look at all the different moments just that way we can
look at a stretch of the Rocky Mountains, for instance. They can see how permanent all
the moments are, and they can look at any moment that interests them. It is just an
illusion we have here on Earth that one moment follows another one, like beads on a
string, and that once a moment is gone it is gone forever.
 'When a Tralfamadorian sees a corpse, all he thinks is that the dead person is in a bad
condition in that particular moment, but that the same person is just fine in plenty of other
moments. Now, when I myself hear that somebody is dead, I simply shrug and say what
the Tralfamadorians say about dead people, which is "so it goes."'
 And so on.
 Billy was working on this letter in the basement rumpus room of his empty house. It
was his housekeeper's day off. There was an old typewriter in the rumpus room. It was a
beast. It weighed as much as a storage battery. Billy couldn't carry it very far very easily,
which was why he was writing in the rumpus room instead of somewhere else.
 The oil burner had quit. A mouse had eaten through the insulation of a wire leading to
the thermostat. The temperature in the house was down to fifty degrees, but Billy hadn't
noticed. He wasn't warmly dressed, either. He was barefoot, and still in his pajamas and a
bathrobe, though it was late afternoon. His bare feet were blue and ivory.
The cockles of Billy's heart, at any rate, were glowing coals. What made them so hot was
Billy's belief that he was going to comfort so many people with the truth about time. His
door chimes upstairs had been ringing and ringing. It was his daughter Barbara up there
wanting in. Now she let herself in with a key, crossed the floor over his head calling,
'Father? Daddy, where are you?' And so on.
 Billy didn't answer her, so she was nearly hysterical, expecting to find his corpse. And
then she looked into the very last place there was to look-which was the rumpus room.
 'Why didn't you answer me when I called?' Barbara wanted to know, standing there in
the door of the rumpus room. She had the afternoon paper with her, the one in which
Billy described his friends from Tralfamadore.
 'I didn't hear you,' said Billy.
 The orchestration of the moment was this: Barbara was only twenty-one years old, but
she thought her father was senile, even though he was only forty-six-senile because of
damage to his brain in the airplane crash. She also thought that she was head of the
family, since she had had to manage her mother's funeral, since she had to get a
housekeeper for Billy, and all that. Also, Barbara and her husband were having to look
after Billy's business interests, which were considerable, since Billy didn't seem to give a
damn for business any more. All this responsibility at such an early age made her a bitchy
flibbertigibbet. And Billy, meanwhile, was trying to hang onto his dignity, to persuade
Barbara and everybody else that he was far from senile, that, on the contrary, he was
devoting himself to a calling much higher than mere business.
 He was doing nothing less now, he thought, then prescribing corrective lenses for
Earthling souls. So many of those souls were lost and wretched, Billy believed, because
they could not see as well as his little green friends on Tralfamadore.
 'Don't lie to me, Father,' said Barbara. 'I know perfectly well you heard me when I
called.' This was a fairly pretty girl, except that she had legs like an Edwardian grand
piano. Now she raised hell with him about the letter in the paper. She said he was making
a laughing stock of himself and everybody associated with him.
 'Father, Father, Father,' said Barbara, 'what are we going to do with you? Are you
going to force us to put you where your mother is?' Billy's mother was still alive. She was
in bed in an old people's home called Pine Knoll on the edge of Ilium.
 'What is it about my letter that makes you so mad?' Billy wanted to know.
 'It's all just crazy. None of it's true! '
 'It's all true. ' Bill's anger was not going to rise with hers. He never got mad at
anything. He was wonderful that way.
 'There is no such planet as Tralfamadore.'
'It can't be detected from Earth, if that's what you mean,' said Billy. 'Earth can't be
detected from Tralfamadore, as far as that goes. They're both very small. They're very far
apart.'
 'Where did you get a crazy name like "Tralfamadore?"'
 'That's what the creatures who live there call it.
 'Oh God,' said Barbara, and she turned her back on him. She celebrated frustration by
clapping her hands. 'May I ask you a simple question?'
 'Of course.'
 'Why is it you never mentioned any of this before the airplane crash?'
 'I didn't think the time was ripe.'
 And so on. Billy says that he first came unstuck in time in 1944, long before his trip to
Tralfamadore. The Tralfamadorians didn't have anything to do with his coming unstuck
They were simply able to give him insights into what was really going on.
 Billy first came unstuck while the Second World War was in progress. Billy was a
chaplain's assistant in the war. A chaplain's assistant is customarily a figure of fun in the
American Army. Billy was no exception. He was powerless to harm the enemy or to help
his friends. In fact, he had no friends. He was a valet to a preacher, expected no
promotions or medals, bore no arms, and had a meek faith in a loving Jesus which most
soldiers found putrid.
 While on maneuvers in South Carolina, Billy played hymns he knew from childhood,
played them on a little black organ which was waterproof. It had thirty-nine keys and two
stops-vox humana and vox celeste. Billy also had charge of a portable altar, an olive-drab
attach case with telescoping legs. It was lined with crimson plush, and nestled in that
passionate plush were an anodized aluminum cross and a Bible.
 The altar and the organ were made by a vacuum-cleaner company in Camden, New
Jersey-and said so.
 One time on maneuvers Billy was playing 'A Mighty Fortress Is Our God,' with music
by Johann Sebastian Bach and words by Martin Luther. It was Sunday morning. Billy and
his chaplain had gathered a congregatation of about fifty soldiers on a Carolina hillside.
An umpire appeared. There were umpires everywhere, men who said who was winning
or losing the theoretical battle, who was alive and who was dead.
 The umpire had comical news. The congregation had been theoretically spotted from
the air by a theoretical enemy. They were all theoretically dead now. The theoretical
corpses laughed and ate a hearty noontime meal.
 Remembering this incident years later, Billy was struck by what a Tralfamadorian
adventure with death that had been, to be dead and to eat at the same time.
 Toward the end of maneuvers., Billy was given an emergency furlough home because
his father, a barber in Ilium, New York, was shot dead by a friend while they were out
hunting deer. So it goes.
 When Billy got back from his furlough., there were orders for him to go overseas. He
was needed in the headquarters company of an infantry regiment fighting in
Luxembourg. The regimental chaplain's assistant had been killed in action. So it goes.
 When Billy joined the regiment, it was in the process of being destroyed by the
Germans in the famous Battle of the Bulge. Billy never even got to meet the chaplain he
was supposed to assist, was never even issued a steel helmet and combat boots. This was
in December of 1944, during the last mighty German attack of the war.
 Billy survived, but he was a dazed wanderer far behind the new German lines. Three
other wanderers, not quite so dazed, allowed Billy to tag along. Two of them were scouts,
and one was an antitank gunner. They were without food or maps. Avoiding Germans
they were delivering themselves into rural silences ever more profound. They ate snow.
 They went Indian file. First came the scouts, clever, graceful quiet. They had rifles.
Next came the antitank gunner, clumsy and dense, warning Germans away with a Colt
.45 automatic in one hand and a trench knife in the other.
 Last came Billy Pilgrim, empty-handed, bleakly ready for death. Billy was
Preposterous-six feet and three inches tall, with a chest and shoulders like a box of
kitchen matches. He had no helmet, no overcoat, no weapon and no boots. On his feet
were cheap, low-cut civilian shoes which he had bought for his father's funeral. Billy had
lost a heel, which made him bob up-and-down, up-and-down. The involuntary dancing up
and down, up and down, made his hip joints sore.
 Billy was wearing a thin field jacket, a shirt and trousers of scratchy wool, and long
underwear that was soaked with sweat. He was the only one of the four who had a beard.
It was a random, bristly beard, and some of the bristles were white, even though Billy
was only twenty-one years old. He was also going bald. Wind and cold and violent
exercise had turned his face crimson.
 He didn't look like a soldier at all. He looked like a filthy flamingo.
 And on the third day of wandering, somebody shot at the four from far away-shot four
times as they crossed a narrow brick road. One shot was for the scouts. The next one was
for the antitank gunner, whose name was Roland Weary.
 The third bullet was for the filthy flamingo, who stopped dead center in the road when
the lethal bee buzzed past his ear. Billy stood there politely, giving the marksman another
chance. It was his addled understanding of the rules of warfare that the marksman should
be given a second chance. The next shot missed Billy's kneecaps by inches, going endon-end,
from the sound of it.
 Roland Weary and the scouts were safe in a ditch, and Weary growled at Billy, 'Get
out of the road, you dumb motherfucker.' The last word was still a novelty in the speech
of white people in 1944. It was fresh and astonishing to Billy, who had never fucked
anybody-and it did its job. It woke him up and got him off the road.
 'Saved your life again, you dumb bastard,' Weary said to Billy in the ditch. He had
been saving Billy's life for days, cursing him, kicking him, slapping him, making him
move. It was absolutely necessary that cruelty be used, because Billy wouldn't do
anything to save himself. Billy wanted to quit. He was cold, hungry, embarrassed,
incompetent. He could scarcely distinguish between sleep and wakefulness now, on the
third day, found no important differences either, between walking and standing still.
 He wished everybody would leave him alone. 'You guys go on without me,' he said
again and again.
 Weary was as new to war as Billy. He was a replacement, too. As a part of a gun crew,
he had helped to fire one shot in anger-from a 57-millimeter antitank gun. The gun made
a ripping sound like the opening of a zipper on the fly of God Almighty. The gun lapped
up snow and vegetation with a blowtorch feet long. The flame left a black arrow on the
ground, showing the Germans exactly where the gun was hidden. The shot was a miss.
 What had been missed was a Tiger tank. It swiveled its 88-millimeter snout around
sniffingly, saw the arrow on the ground. It fired. It killed everybody on the gun crew but
Weary. So it goes.
 Roland Weary was only eighteen, was at the end of an unhappy childhood spent
mostly in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He had been unpopular in Pittsburgh. He had been
unpopular because he was stupid and fat and mean, and smelled like bacon no matter how
much he washed. He was always being ditched in Pittsburgh by people who did not want
him with them.
 It made Weary sick to be ditched. When Weary was ditched, he would find somebody
who was even more unpopular than himself, and he would horse around with that person
for a while, pretending to be friendly. And then he would find some pretext for beating
the shit out of him.
 It was a pattern. It was a crazy, sexy, murderous relationship Weary entered into with
people he eventually beat up. He told hem about his father's collection of guns and
swords and torture instruments and leg irons and so on. Weary's father, who was a
plumber, actually did collect such things, and his collection was insured for four thousand
dollars. He wasn't alone. He belonged to a big club composed of people who collected
things like that.
 Weary's father once gave Weary's mother a Spanish thumbscrew in--working
condition--for a kitchen paperweight. Another time he gave her a table lamp whose base
was a model one foot high of the famous 'Iron Maiden of Nuremburg.' The real Iron
Maiden was a medieval torture instrument, a sort of boiler which was shaped like a
woman on the outside-and lined with spikes. The front of the woman was composed of
two hinged doors. The idea was to put a criminal inside and then close the doors slowly.
There were two special spikes where his eyes would be. There was a drain in the bottom
to let out all the blood.
 So it goes.
 Weary had told Billy Pilgrim about the Iron Maiden, about the drain in the bottom-and
what that was for. He had talked to Billy about dum-dums. He told him about his father's
Derringer pistol, which could be carried in a vest pocket, which was yet capable of
making a hole in a man 'which a bull bat could fly through without touching either wing.'
 Weary scornfully bet Billy one time that he didn't even know what a blood gutter was.
Billy guessed that it was the drain in the bottom of the Iron Maiden, but that was wrong.
A blood gutter, Billy learned, was the shallow groove in the side of the blade of a sword
or bayonet.
 Weary told Billy about neat tortures he'd read about or seen in the movies or heard on
the radio-about other neat tortures he himself had invented. One of the inventions was
sticking a dentist's drill into a guy's ear. He asked Billy what he thought the worst form of
execution was. Billy had no opinion. The correct answer turned out to be this: 'You stake
a guy out on an anthill in the desert-see? He's face upward, and you put honey all over his
balls and pecker, and you cut off his eyelids so he has to stare at the sun till he dies.' So it
goes.
 Now, lying in the ditch with Billy and the scouts after having been shot at, Weary
made Billy take a very close look at his trench knife. It wasn't government issue. It was a
present from his father. It had a ten-inch blade that was triangular 'in 'cross section. Its
grip consisted of brass knuckles, was a chain of rings through which Weary slipped his
stubby fingers. The rings weren't simple. They bristled with spikes.
 Weary laid the spikes along Billy's cheek, roweled the cheek with savagely
affectionate restraint. 'How'd you-like to be hit with this-hm? Hmmmmmmmmm?' he
wanted to know.
 'I wouldn't,' said Billy.
 'Know why the blade's triangular?'
 'No.'
 'Makes a wound that won't close up.'
 'Oh.'
 'Makes a three-sided hole in a guy. You stick an ordinary knife in a guy-makes a slit.
Right? A slit closes right up. Right?
 'Right.'
 'Shit. What do you know? What the hell they teach you in college?'
 'I wasn't there very long.' said Billy, which was true. He had had only six months of
college and the college hadn't been a regular college, either. It had been the night school
of the Ilium School of Optometry.
 "Joe College,' said Weary scathingly.
 Billy shrugged.
 'There's more to life than what you read in books.' said Weary. 'You'll find that out.'
 Billy made no reply to this, either, there in the ditch, since he didn't want the
conversation to go on any longer than necessary. He was dimly tempted to say, though,
that he knew a thing or two about gore. Billy, after all, had contemplated torture and
hideous wounds at the beginning and the end of nearly every day of his childhood. Billy
had an extremely gruesome crucifix hanging on the wall of his little bedroom in Ilium. A
military surgeon would have admired the clinical fidelity of the artist's rendition of all
Christ's wounds-the spear wound, the thorn wounds, the holes that were made by the iron
spikes. Billy's Christ died horribly. He was pitiful.
 So it goes.
 Billy wasn't a Catholic, even though he grew up with a ghastly crucifix on the wall.
His father had no religion. His mother was a substitute organist for several churches
around town. She took Billy with her whenever she played, taught him to play a little,
too. She said she was going to join a church as soon as she decided which one was right.
 She never did decide. She did develop a terrific hankering for a crucifix, though. And
she bought one from a Sante F gift shop during a trip the little family made out West
during the Great Depression. Like so many Americans, she was trying to construct a life
that made sense from things she found in gift shops.
 And the crucifix went up on the wall of Billy Pilgrim.
 The two scouts, loving the walnut stocks of their rifles in the ditch, whispered that it
was time to move out again. Ten minutes had gone by without anybody's coming to see if
they were hit or not, to finish them off. Whoever had shot was evidently far away and all
alone.
 And the four crawled out of the ditch without drawing any more fire. They crawled
into a forest like the big, unlucky mammals they were. Then they stood up and began to
walk quickly. The forest was dark and cold. The pines were planted in ranks and files.
There was no undergrowth. Four inches of unmarked snow blanketed the ground. The
Americans had no choice but to leave trails in the show as unambiguous as diagrams in a
book on ballroom dancing--step, slide, rest-step, slide,-rest.
 'Close it up and keep it closed!' Roland Weary warned Billy Pilgrim as they moved out.
Weary looked like Tweedledum or Tweedledee, all bundled up for battle. He was short
and thick.
 He had every piece of equipment he had ever been issued, every present he'd received
from home: helmet, helmet liner, wool cap, scarf, gloves, cotton undershirt, woolen
undershirt, wool shirt, sweater, blouse, jacket, overcoat, cotton underpants, woolen
underpants, woolen trousers, cotton socks, woolen socks, combat boots, gas mask,
canteen, mess kit, first-aid kit, trench knife, blanket, shelter-half, raincoat, bulletproof
Bible, a pamphlet entitled 'Know Your Enemy,' another pamphlet entitled 'Why We
Fight' and another pamphlet of German phrases rendered in English phonetics, which
would enable Weary to ask Germans questions such as 'Where is your headquarters?' and
'How many howitzers have you?' Or to tell them, 'Surrender. Your situation is hopeless,'
and so on.
 Weary had a block of balsa wood which was supposed to be a foxhole pillow. He had a
prophylactic kit containing two tough condoms 'For the Prevention of Disease Only!' He
had a whistle he wasn't going to show anybody until he got promoted to corporal. He had
a dirty picture of a woman attempting sexual intercourse with a Shetland pony. He had
made Billy Pilgrim admire that picture several times.
 The woman and the pony were posed before velvet draperies which were fringed with
deedlee-balls. They were flanked by Doric columns. In front of one column was a potted
palm. The Picture that Weary had was a print of the first dirty photograph in history. The
word photography was first used in 1839, and it was in that year, too, that Louis J. M.
Daguerre revealed to the French Academy that an image formed on a silvered metal plate
covered with a thin film of silver iodide could be developed in the presence of mercury
vapor.
 In 1841, only two years later, an assistant to Daguerre, Andr Le Fvre, was arrested in
the Tuileries Gardens for attempting to sell a gentleman a picture of the woman and the
pony. That was where Weary bought his picture, too-in the Tuileries. Le Fvre argued
that the picture was fine art, and that his intention was to make Greek mythology come
alive. He said that columns and the potted palm proved that.
 When asked which myth he meant to represent, Le Fvre, replied that there were
thousands of myths like that, with the woman a mortal and the pony a god.
 He was sentenced to six months in prison. He died there of pneumonia. So it goes.
 Billy and the Scouts were skinny people. Roland Weary had fat to burn. He was a
roaring furnace under all his layers of wool and straps and canvas. He had so much
energy that he bustled back and forth between Billy and the scouts, delivering dumb
messages which nobody had sent and which nobody was pleased to receive. He also
began to suspect, since he was so much busier than anybody else, that he was the leader.
 He was so hot and bundled up, in fact, that he had no sense of danger. His vision of the
outside world was limited to what he could see through a narrow slit between the rim of
his helmet and his scarf from home, which concealed his baby face from the bridge of his
nose on down. He was so snug in there that he was able to pretend that he was safe at
home, having survived the war, and that he was telling his parents and his sister a true
war story-whereas the true war story was still going on.
 Weary's version of the true war story went like this: There was a big German attack,
and Weary and his antitank buddies fought like hell until everybody was killed but
Weary. So it goes. And then Weary tied in with two scouts, and they became close
friends immediately, and they decided to fight them way back to their own lines. They
were going to travel fast. They were damned if they'd surrender. They shook hands all
around. They called themselves 'The Three Musketeers.'
 But then this damn college kid, who was so weak he shouldn't even have been in the
army, asked if he could come along. He didn't even have a gun or a knife. He didn't even
have a helmet or a cap. He couldn't even walk right-kept bobbing up-and down, up-anddown,
driving everybody crazy, giving their position away. He was pitiful. The Three
Musketeers pushed and carried and dragged the college kid all the way back to their own
lines, Weary's story went. They saved his God-damned hide for him.
 In real life, Weary was retracing his steps, trying to find out what had happened to
Billy. He had told the scouts to wait while he went back for the college bastard. He
passed under a low branch now. It hit the top of his helmet with a clonk. Weary didn't
hear it. Somewhere a big dog was barking. Weary didn't hear that, either. His war story
was at a very exciting point. An officer was congratulating the Three Musketeers, telling
them that he was going to put them in for Bronze Stars.
 'Anything else I can do for you boys?' said the officer.
 'Yes, sir,' said one of the scouts. 'We'd like to stick together for the rest of the war, sir.
Is there some way you can fix it so nobody will ever break up the Three Musketeers?'
 Billy Pilgrim had stopped in the forest. He was leaning against a tree with his eyes
closed. His head was tilted back and his nostrils were flaring. He was like a poet in the
Parthenon.
 This was when Billy first came unstuck in time. His attention began to swing grandly
through the full arc of his life, passing into death, which was violet light. There wasn't
anybody else there, or any thing. There was just violet light and a hum.
And then Billy swung into life again, going backwards until he was in pre-birth, which
was red light and bubbling sounds. And then he swung into life again and stopped. He
was a little boy taking a shower with his hairy father at the Ilium Y.M.C.A. He smelled
chlorine from the swimming pool next door, heard the springboard boom.
 Little Billy was terrified, because his father had said Billy was going to learn to swim
by the method of sink-or-swim. Ms father was going to throw Billy into the deep end, and
Billy was going to damn well swim.
 It was like an execution. Billy was numb as his father carried him from the shower
room to the pool. His eyes were closed. When he opened his eyes, he was on the bottom
of the pool, and there was beautiful music everywhere. He lost consciousness, but the
music went on. He dimly sensed that somebody was rescuing him. Billy resented that.
 From there he traveled in time to 1965. He was forty-one years old, and he was visiting
his decrepit mother at Pine Knoll, an old people's home he had put her in only a month
before. She had caught pneumonia, and wasn't expected to live. She did live, though, for
years after that.
 Her voice was nearly gone, so, in order to hear her, Billy had to put his ear right next to
her papery lips. She evidently had something very important to say.
 'How ...?' she began, and she stopped. She was too tired. She hoped that she wouldnt
have to say the rest of the sentence, and that Billy would finish it for her
 But Billy had no idea what was on her mind. 'How what, Mother?' he prompted.
 She swallowed hard, shed some tears. Then she gathered energy from all over her
ruined body, even from her toes and fingertips. At last she bad accumulated enough to
whisper this complete sentence:
 'How did I get so old? '
 Billy's antique mother passed out, and Billy was led from the room by a pretty nurse.
The body of an old man covered by a sheet was wheeled by just as Billy entered the
corridor. The man had been a famous marathon runner in his day. So it goes. This was
before Billy had his head broken in an airplane crash, by the way-before he became so
vocal about flying saucers and traveling in time.
 Billy sat down in a waiting room. He wasn't a widower yet. He sensed something hard
under the cushion of his overstuffed chair. He dug it out, discovered that it was a book,
The Execution of Private Slovik, by William Bradford Huie. It was a true account of the
death before an American firing squad of private Eddie D. Slovik, 36896415, the only
American soldier to be shot for cowardice since the Civil War. So it goes.
 Billy read the opinion of a staff judge advocate who reviewed Slovik's case, which
ended like this: He has directly challenged the authority of the government, and future
discipline depends upon a resolute reply to this challenge. If the death penalty is ever to
be imposed for desertion, it should be imposed in this case, not as a punitive measure nor
as retribution, but to maintain that discipline upon which alone an army can succeed
against the enemy. There was no recommendation for clemency in the case and none is
here recommended. So it goes.
 Billy blinked in 1965, traveled in time to 1958. He was at a banquet in honour of a
Little League team of which his son Robert was a member. The coach, who had never
been married, was speaking. He was all choked up. 'Honest to God,' he was Saying, 'I'd
consider it an honor just to be water boy for these kids.'
 Billy blinked in 1958, traveled in time to 1961. It was New Year's Eve, and Billy was
disgracefully drunk at a party where everybody was in optometry or married to an
optometrist.
 Billy usually didn't drink much, because the war had ruined his stomach, but he
certainly had a snootful now, and he was being unfaithful to his wife Valencia for the
first and only time. He had somehow persuaded a woman to come into the laundry room
of the house, and then sit up on the gas dryer, which was running.
 The woman was very drunk herself, and she helped Billy get her girdle off. 'What was
it you wanted to talk about?' she said.
 'It's all night,' said Billy. He honestly thought it was all right. He couldn't remember the
name of the woman.
 'How come they call you Billy instead of William?'
 'Business reasons,' said Billy. That was true. His father-in-law, who owned the Ilium
School of Optometry, who had set Billy up in practice, was a genius in his field. He told
Billy to encourage people to call him Billy-because it would stick in their memories. It
would also make him seem slightly magical, since there weren't any other grown Billys
around. It also compelled people to think of him as a friend right away.
 Somewhere in there was an awful scene, with people expressing disgust for Billy and
the woman, and Billy found himself out in his automobile, trying to find the steering
wheel.
 The main thing now was to find the steering wheel. At first, Billy windmilled his arms,
hoping to find it by luck. When that didn't work, he became methodical, working in such
a way that the wheel could not possibly escape him. He placed himself hard against the
left-hand door, searched every square inch of the area before him. When he failed to find
the wheel, he moved over six inches, and searched again. Amazingly, he was eventually
hard against the right-hand door, without having found the wheel. He concluded that
somebody had stolen it. This angered him as he passed out.
 He was in the back seat of his car, which was why he couldn't find the steering wheel.
 Now somebody was shaking Billy awake. Billy stiff felt drunk, was still angered by the
stolen steering wheel. He was back in the Second World War again, behind the German
lines. The person who was shaking him was Roland Weary. Weary had gathered the front
of Billy's field jacket into his hands. He banged Billy against a tree, then puffed him
away from it, flung him in the direction he was supposed to take under his own power.
 Billy stopped, shook his head. 'You go on,' he said.
 'What? '
 'You guys go on without me. I'm all right.'
 'You're what?'
 'I'm O.K.'
 'Jesus-I'd hate to see somebody sick,' said Weary, through five layers of humid scarf
from home. Lilly had never seen Weary's face. He had tried to imagine it one time, had
imagined a toad in a fishbowl.
 Weary kicked and shoved Billy for a quarter of a mile. The scouts were waiting
between the banks of a frozen creek. They had heard the dog. They had heard men calling
back and forth, too-calling like hunters who had a pretty good idea of where their quarry
was.
 The banks of the creek were high enough to allow the scouts, to stand without being
seen. Billy staggered down the bank ridiculously. After him came Weary, clanking and
clinking and tinkling and hot.
 'Here he is, boys,' said Weary. 'He don't want to live, but he's gonna live anyway.
When he gets out of this, by God, he's gonna owe his life to the Three Musketeers. '
 Billy Pilgrim, there in the creekbed, thought he, Billy Pilgrim, was turning to steam
painlessly. If everybody would leave him alone for just a little while, he thought, he
wouldn't cause anybody any more trouble. He would turn to steam and float up among
the treetops.
 Somewhere the big dog barked again. With the help of fear and echoes and winter
silences, that dog had a voice like a big bronze gong.
 Roland Weary, eighteen years old, insinuated himself between the scouts, draped a
heavy arm around the shoulder of each. 'So what do the Three Musketeers do now?' he
said.
 Billy Pilgrim was having a delightful hallucination. He was wearing dry, warm, white
sweatsocks, and he was skating on a ballroom floor. Thousands cheered. This wasn't
time-travel. It had never happened, never would happen. It was the craziness of a dying
young man with his shoes full of snow.
 One scout hung his head, let spit fall from his lips. The other did the same. They
studied the infinitesimal effects of spit on snow and history. They were small, graceful
people. They had been behind German lines before many times--living like woods
creatures, living from moment to moment in useful terror, thinking brainlessly with their
spinal cords.
 Now they twisted out from under Weary's loving arms. They told Weary that he and
Billy had better find somebody to surrender to. The Scouts weren't going to wait for them
any more.
 And they ditched Weary and Billy in the creekbed.
 Billy Pilgrim went on skating, doing tricks in sweat-socks, tricks that most people
would consider impossible-making turns, stopping on a dime and so on. The cheering
went on, but its tone was altered as the hallucination gave way to time-travel.
 Billy stopped skating, found himself at a lectern in a Chinese restaurant in Ilium, New
York, on an early afternoon in the autumn of 1957. He was receiving a standing ovation
from the Lions Club. He had just been elected President, and it was necessary that he
speak. He was scared stiff, thought a ghastly mistake had been made. All those
prosperous, solid men out there would discover now that they had elected a ludicrous
waif. They would hear his reedy voice, the one he'd had in the war. He swallowed, knew
that all he -had for a voice box was a little whistle cut from a willow switch. Worse-he
had nothing to say. The crowd quieted down. Everybody was pink and beaming.
 Billy opened his mouth, and out came a deep, resonant tone. His voice was a gorgeous
instrument. It told jokes which brought down the house. It grew serious, told jokes again,
and ended on a note of humility. The explanation of the miracle was this: Billy had taken
a course in public speaking.
 And then he was back in the bed of the frozen creek again. Roland Weary was about to
beat the living shit out of him.
 Weary was filled with a tragic wrath. He had been ditched again. He stuffed his pistol
into its holster. He slipped his knife into its scabbard. Its triangular blade and blood
gutters on all three faces. And then he shook Billy hard, rattled his skeleton, slammed
him against a bank.
 Weary barked and whimpered through his layers of scarf from home. He spoke
unintelligibly of the sacrifices he had made on Billy's behalf. He dilated upon the piety
and heroism of 'The Three Musketeers,' portrayed, in the most glowing and impassioned
hues, their virtue and magnanimity, the imperishable honor they acquired for themselves,
and the great services they rendered to Christianity,
 It was entirely Billy's fault that this fighting organization no longer existed, Weary felt,
and Billy was going to pay. Weary socked Billy a good one on the side of the jaw,
knocked Billy away from the bank and onto the snow-covered ice of the creek. Billy was
down on all fours on the ice, and Weary kicked him in the ribs, rolled him over on his
side. Billy tried to form himself into a ball.
 'You shouldn't even be in the Army,' said Weary.
 Billy was involuntarily making convulsive sounds that were a lot like laughter. 'You
think it's funny, huh?' Weary inquired. He walked around to Billy's back. Billy's jacket
and shirt and undershirt had been hauled up around his shoulders by the violence, so his
back was naked. There, inches from the tips of Weary's combat boots, were the pitiful
buttons of Billy's spine.
 Weary drew back his right boot, aimed a kick at the spine, at the tube which had so
many of Billy's important wires in it. Weary was going to break that tube.
 But then Weary saw that he had an audience. Five German soldiers and a police dog on
a leash were looking down into the bed of the creek. The soldiers' blue eyes were filled
with bleary civilian curiosity as to why one American would try to murder another one so
far from home, and why the victim should laugh.
Three
The Germans and the dog were engaged in a military operation which had an amusingly
self-explanatory name, a human enterprise which is seldom described in detail, whose
name alone, when reported as news or history, gives many war enthusiasts a sort of postcoital
satisfaction. It is, in the imagination of combat's fans, the divinely listless loveplay
that follows the orgasm of victory. It is called 'mopping up.'
 The dog, who had sounded so ferocious in the winter distances, was a female German
shepherd. She was shivering. Her tail was between her legs. She had been borrowed that
morning from a farmer. She had never been to war before. She had no idea what game
was being played. Her mine was Princess.
 Two of the Germans were boys in their early teens. Two were ramshackle old men--
droolers as toothless as carp. They were irregulars, armed and clothed fragmentarily with
junk taken from real soldiers who were newly dead. So it goes. They were farmers from
just across the German border, not far away.
 Their commanander was a middle-aged corporal-red-eyed, scrawny, tough as dried
beef, sick of war. He had been wounded four times-and patched up, and sent back to war.
He was a very good soldier-about to quit, about to find somebody to surrender to. His
bandy legs were thrust into golden cavalry boots which he had taken from a dead
Hungarian colonel on the Russian front. So it goes.
 Those boots were almost all he owned in this world. They were his home. An
anecdote: One time a recruit was watching him bone and wax those golden boots, and he
held one up to the recruit and said, 'If you look in there deeply enough, you'll see Adam
and Eve.'
 Billy Pilgrim had not heard this anecdote. But, lying on the black ice there, Billy stared
into the patina of the corporal's boots, saw Adam and Eve in the golden depths. They
were naked. They were so innocent, so vulnerable, so eager to behave decently. Billy
Pilgrim loved them.
 Next to the golden boots were a pair of feet which were swaddled in rags. They were
crisscrossed by canvas straps, were shod with hinged wooden clogs. Billy looked up at
the face that went with the clogs. It was the face of a blond angel of fifteen-year-old boy.
 The boy was as beautiful as Eve.
 Billy was helped to his feet by the lovely boy, by the heavenly androgyne. And the
others came forward to dust the snow off Billy., and then they searched him for weapons.
He didn't have any. The most dangerous thing they found on his person was a two-inch
pencil stub.
 Three inoffensive bangs came from far away. They came from German rifles. The two
scouts who had ditched Billy and Weary had just been shot. They had been lying in
ambush for Germans. They had been discovered and shot from behind. Now they were
dying in the snow, feeling nothing, turning the snow to the color of raspberry sherbet. So
it goes. So Roland Weary was the last of the Three Musketeers.
 And Weary, bug-eyed with terror, was being disarmed. The corporal gave Weary's
pistol to the pretty boy. He marveled at Weary's cruel trench knife, said in German that
Weary would no doubt like to use the knife on him, to tear his face off with the spiked
knuckles, to stick the blade into his belly or throat. He spoke no English, and Billy and
Weary understood no German.
 "Nice playthings you have", the corporal told Weary, and he handed the knife to an old
man. "Isn't that a pretty thing? Hmmm?"
 He tore open Weary's overcoat and blouse. Brass buttons flew like popcorn. The
corporal reached into Weary's gaping bosom as though he meant to tear out his pounding
heart, but he brought out Weary's bulletproof Bible instead.
 A bullet-proof Bible is a Bible small enough to be slipped into a soldier's breast
pocket, over his heart. It is sheathed in steel.
 The corporal found the dirty picture of the woman and the pony in Weary's hip pocket.
"What a lucky pony, eh?" he said. "Hmmmm? Hmmmm? Don't you wish you were that
pony?" He handed the picture to the other old man. "Spoils of war! It's all yours, you
lucky lad."
 Then he made Weary sit down in the snow and take off his combat boots, which he
gave to the beautiful boy. He gave Weary, the boy's clogs. So Weary and Billy were both
without decent military footwear now' and they had to walk for miles and miles, with
Weary's clogs clacking, with Billy bobbing up-and-down, up-and-down, crashing into
Weary from time to time.
 "Excuse me," Billy would say, or "I beg your pardon."
 They were brought at last to a stone cottage at a fork in the road. It was a collecting
point for prisoners of war. Billy and Weary were taken inside, where it was warm and
smoky. There was a fire sizzling and popping in the fireplace. The fuel was furniture.
There were about twenty other Americans in there, sitting on the floor with their backs to
the wall, staring into the flames-thinking whatever there was to think, which was zero.
Nobody talked. Nobody had any good war stories to tell.
 Billy and Weary found places for themselves, and Billy went to sleep with his head on
the shoulder of an unprotesting captain. The captain was a chaplain. He was a rabbi. He
had been shot through the hand.
 Billy traveled in time, opened his eyes, found himself staring into the glass eyes of a
jade green mechanical owl. The owl was hanging upside down from a rod of stainless
steel. The owl was Billy's optometer in his office in Ilium. An optometer is an instrument
for measuring refractive errors in eyes-in order that corrective lenses may be prescribed.
 Billy had fallen asleep while examining a female patient who was m a chair on the
other side of the owl. He had fallen asleep at work before. It had been funny at first. Now
Billy was starting to get worried about it, about his mind in general. He tried to remember
how old he was, couldn't. He tried to remember what year it was. He couldn't remember
that, either.
 'Doctor,' said the patient tentatively.
 'Hm?' he said.
 'You're so quiet.'
 'Sorry.'
 'You were talking away there-and then you got so quiet'
 'Um.'
 'You see something terrible?' 'Terrible?'
 'Some disease in my eyes?'
 'No, no,' said Billy, wanting to doze again. 'Your eyes are fine. You just need glasses
for reading.' He told her to go across the corridor-to see the wide selection of frames
there.
 When she was gone, Billy opened the drapes and was no wiser as to what was outside.
The view was still blocked by a venetian blind., which he hoisted clatteringly. Bright
sunlight came crashing in. There were thousands of parked automobiles out there,
twinkling on a vast lake of blacktop. Billy's office was part of a suburban shopping
center.
 Right outside the window was Billy's own Cadillac El Dorado Coupe de Ville. He read
the stickers on the bumper. 'Visit Ausable Chasm,' said one. 'Support Your Police
Department,' said another. There was a third. 'Impeach Earl Warren' it said. The stickers
about the police and Earl Warren were gifts from Billy's father-in-law, a member of the
John Birch Society. The date on the license plate was 1967, which would make Billy
Pilgrim forty-four years old. He asked himself this: 'Where have all the years gone?'
 Billy turned his attention to his desk. There was an open copy of The Review of
Optometry there. It was opened to an editorial, which Billy now read, his lips moving
slightly.
What happens in 1968 will rule the fare of European optometrists for at least 50
years! Billy read. With this warning, Jean Thiriart, Secretary of the National Union of
Belgium Opticians, is pressing for formation of a 'European Optometry Society.' The
alternatives, he says, will be the obtaining of Professional status, or, by 1971, reduction
to the role of spectacle-sellers.
 Billy Pilgrim tried hard to care.
 A siren went off, scared the hell out of him. He was expecting the Third World War at
any time. The siren was simply announcing high noon. It was housed in a cupola atop a
firehouse across the street from Billy's office.
 Billy closed his eyes. When he opened them, he was back in the Second World War
again. His head was on the wounded rabbi's shoulder. A German was kicking his feet,
telling him to wake up, that it was time to move on.
 The Americans, with Billy among them, formed a fools' parade on the road outside.
 There was a photographer present, a German war correspondent with a Leica. He took
pictures of Billy's and Roland Weary's feet. The picture was widely published two days
later as heartening evidence of how miserably equipped the American Army often was,
despite its reputation for being rich.
 The photographer wanted something more lively, though, a picture of an actual
capture. So the guards staged one for him. They threw Billy into shrubbery. When Billy
came out of the shrubbery, his face wreathed in goofy good will, they menaced him with
their machine pistols, as though they were capturing him then.
 Billy's smile as he came out of the shrubbery was at least as peculiar as Mona Lisa's,
for he was simultaneously on foot in Germany in 1944 and riding his Cadillac in 1967.
Germany dropped away, and 1967 became bright and clear, free of interference from any
other time. Billy was on his way to a Lions Club luncheon meeting. It was a hot August,
but Billy's car was air-conditioned. He was stopped by a signal in the middle of Ilium's
black ghetto. The people who lived here hated it so much that they had burned down a lot
of it a month before. It was all they had, and they'd wrecked it. The neighborhood
reminded Billy of some of the towns he had seen in the war. The curbs and sidewalks
were crushed in many places, showing where the National Guard tanks and half-tracks
had been.
 'Blood brother,' said a message written in pink paint on the side of a shattered grocery
store.
 There was a tap on Billy's car window. A black man was out there. He wanted to talk
about something. The light had changed. Billy did the simplest thing. He drove on.
 Billy drove through a scene of even greater desolation. It looked like Dresden after it
was fire-bombed-like the surface of the moon. The house where Billy had grown up used
to be somewhere in what was so empty now. This was urban renewal. A new Ilium
Government Center and a Pavilion of the Arts and a Peace Lagoon and high-rise
apartment buildings were going up here soon.
 That was all right with Billy Pilgrim.
 The speaker at the Lions Club meeting was a major in the Marines. He said that
Americans had no choice but to keep fighting in Vietnam until they achieved victory or
until the Communists realized that they could not force their way of life on weak
countries. The major had been there on two separate tours of duty. He told of many
terrible and many wonderful things he had seen. He was in favor of increased bombings,
of bombing North Vietnam back into the Stone Age, if it refused to see reason.
 Billy was not moved to protest the bombing of North Vietnam, did not shudder about
the hideous things he himself had seen bombing do. He was simply having lunch with
the Lions Club, of which he was past president now.
 Billy had a framed prayer on his office wall which expressed his method for keeping
going, even though he was unenthusiastic about living. A lot of patients who saw the
prayer on Billy's wall told him that it helped them to keep going, too. It went like this
GOD GRANT ME
THE SERENITY TO ACCEPT
THE THINGS I CANNOT CHANGE
COURAGE
TO CHANGE THE THINGS I CAN,
AND WISDOM ALWAYS
TO TELL THE
DIFFERENCE.
 Among the things Billy Pilgrim could not change were the past, the present and the
future.
 Now he was being introduced to the Marine major. The person who was performing
the introduction was telling the major that Billy was a veteran, and that Billy had a son
who was a sergeant in the Green Berets-in Vietnam.
 The major told Billy that the Green Berets were doing a great job, and that he should
be proud of his son.
 'I am. I certainly am,' said Billy Pilgrim.
 He went home for a nap after lunch. He was under doctor's orders to take a nap every
day. The doctor hoped that this would relieve a complaint that Billy had: Every so often,
for no apparent reason, Billy Pilgrim would find himself weeping. Nobody had ever
caught Billy doing it. Only the doctor knew. It was an extremely quiet thing Billy did,
and not very moist.
 Billy owned a lovely Georgian home in Ilium. He was rich as Croesus, something he
had never expected to be, not in a million years. He had five other optometrists working
for him in the shopping plaza location, and netted over sixty thousand dollars a year. In
addition, he owned a fifth of the new Holiday Inn out on Route 54, and half of three
Tastee-Freeze stands. Tastee-Freeze was a sort of frozen custard. It gave all the pleasure
that ice cream could give, without the stiffness and bitter coldness of ice cream.
 Billy's home was empty. His daughter Barbara was about to get warned, and she and
his wife had gone downtown to pick out patterns for her crystal and silverware. There
was a note saying so on the kitchen table. There were no servants. People just weren't
interested in careers in domestic service anymore. There wasn't a dog, either.
 There used to be a dog named Spot, but he died. So it goes. Billy had liked Spot a lot,
and Spot had liked him.
 Billy went up the carpeted stairway and into his and his wife's bedroom. The room had
flowered wallpaper. There was a double bed with a clock-radio on a table beside it. Also
on the table were controls for the electric blanket, and a switch to turn on a gentle
vibrator which was bolted to the springs of the box mattress. The trade name of the
vibrator was 'Magic Fingers.' The vibrator was the doctor's idea, too.
Billy took off his tri-focals and his coat and his necktie and his shoes, and he closed
the venetian blinds and then the drapes, and he lay down on the outside of the coverlet.
But sleep would not come. Tears came instead. They seeped. Billy turned on the Magic
Fingers, and he was jiggled as he wept.
 The doorchimes rang. Billy got off the bed and looked down through a window at the
front doorstep, to see if somebody important had come to call. There was a crippled man
down there, as spastic in space as Billy Pilgrim was in time. Convulsions made the man
dance flappingly all the time, made him change his expressions, too, as though he were
trying to imitate various famous movie stars.
 Another cripple was ringing a doorbell across the street. He was on crutches. He had
only one leg. He was so jammed between his crutches that his shoulders hid his ears.
 Billy knew what the cripples were up to: They were selling subscriptions to magazines
that would never come. People subscribed to them because the salesmen were so pitiful.
Billy had heard about this racket from a speaker at the Lions Club two weeks before--a
man from the Better Business Bureau. The man said that anybody who saw cripples
working a neighbourhood for magazine subscriptions should call the police.
 Billy looked down the street, saw a new, Buick Riviera parked about half a block
away. There was a man in it, and Billy assumed correctly that he was the man who had
hired the cripples to do this thing. Billy went on weeping as he contemplated the cripples
and their boss. His doorchimes clanged hellishly.
 He closed his eyes, and opened them again. He was still weeping, but he was back in
Luxembourg again. He was marching with a lot of other prisoners. It was a winter wind
that was bringing tears to his eyes.
 Ever since Billy had been thrown into shrubbery for the sake of the picture, he had
been seeing Saint Elmo's fire, a sort of electronic radiance around the heads of his
companions and captors. It was in the treetops and on the rooftops of Luxembourg, too. It
was beautiful.
 Billy was marching with his hands on top of his head, and so were all the other
Americans. Billy was bobbing up-and-down, up-and-down. Now he crashed into Roland
Weary accidentally. 'I beg your pardon,' he said.
 Weary's eyes were tearful also. Weary was crying because of horrible pains in his feet.
The hinged clogs were transforming his feet into blood puddings.
 At each road intersection Billy's group was joined by more Americans with their hands
on top of their haloed heads. Billy had smiled for them all. They were moving like water,
downhill all the time, and they flowed at last to a main highway on a valley's floor.
Through the valley flowed a Mississippi of humiliated Americans. Tens of thousands of
Americans shuffled eastward, their hands clasped on top of their heads. They sighed and
groaned.
 Billy and his group joined the river of humiliation, and the late afternoon sun came out
from the clouds. The Americans didn't have the road to themselves. The west-bound lane
boiled and boomed with vehicles which were rushing German reserves to the front. The
reserves were violent, windburned, bristly men. They had teeth like piano keys.
 They were festooned with machine-gun belts, smoked cigars, and guzzled booze. They
took wolfish bites from sausages, patted their horny palms with potato-masher grenades.
 One soldier in black was having a drunk herd's picnic all by himself on top of a tank.
He spit on the Americans. The spit hit Roland Weary's shoulder, gave Weary a
fourragire of snot and blutwurst and tobacco juice, and Schnapps.
 Billy found the afternoon stingingly exciting. There was so much to see-dragon's teeth,
killing machine, corpses with bare feet that were blue and ivory. So it goes.
 Bobbing up-and-down, up-and-down, Billy beamed lovingly at a bright lavender
farmhouse that had been spattered with machine-gun bullets. Standing in its cock-eyed
doorway was a German colonel. With him was his unpainted whore.
 Billy crashed into Weary's shoulder, and Weary cried out sobbingly. 'Walk right! Walk
right!'
 They were climbing a gentle rise now. When they reached the top, they weren't in
Luxembourg any more. They were in Germany.
 A motion-picture camera was set up at the border-to record the fabulous victory. Two
civilians in bearskin coats were leaning on the camera when Billy and Weary came by.
They had run out of film hours ago.
 One of them singled out Billy's face for a moment, then focused at infinity again.
There was a tiny plume of smoke at infinity. There was a battle there. People were dying
there. So it goes.
 And the sun went down, and Billy found himself bobbing in place in a railroad yard.
There were rows and rows of boxcars waiting. They had brought reserves to the front.
Now they were going to take prisoners into Germany's interior.
 Flashlight beams danced crazily.
 The Germans sorted out the prisoners according to rank. They put sergeants with
sergeants, majors with majors, and so on. A squad of full colonels was halted near Billy.
One of them had double pneumonia. He had a high fever and vertigo. As the railroad yard
dipped and swooped around the colonel, he tried to hold himself steady by staring into
Billy's eyes.
 The colonel coughed and coughed, and then he said to Billy, 'You one of my boys?'
This was a man who had lost an entire regiment, about forty-five hundred men-a lot of
them children, actually. Billy didn't reply. The question made no sense.
 'What was your outfit?' said the colonel. He coughed and coughed. Every time he
inhaled his lungs rattled like greasy paper bags.
 Billy couldn't remember the outfit he was from.
 'You from the Four-fifty-first?'
 'Four-fifty-first what?' said Billy.
 There was a silence. 'Infantry regiment,' said the colonel at last.
 'Oh,' said Billy Pilgrim.
 There was another long silence, with the colonel dying and dying, drowning where he
stood. And then he cried out wetly, 'It's me, boys! It's Wild Bob!' That is what he had
always wanted his troops to call him: 'Wild Bob.'
 None of the people who could hear him were actually from his regiment, except for
Roland Weary, and Weary wasn't listening. All Weary could think of was the agony in
his own feet.
 But the colonel imagined that he was addressing his beloved troops for the last time,
and he told them that they had nothing to be ashamed of, that there were dead Germans
all over the battlefield who wished to God that they had never heard of the Four-fiftyfirst.
He said that after the war he was going to have a regimental reunion in his home
town, which was Cody, Wyoming. He was going to barbecue whole steers.
 He said all this while staring into Billy's eyes. He made the inside of poor Bill's skull
echo with balderdash. 'God be with you, boys!' he said, and that echoed and echoed. And
then he said. 'If you're ever in Cody, Wyoming, just ask for Wild Bob!' I was there. So
was my old war buddy, Bernard V. O'Hare.
 Billy Pilgrim was packed into a boxcar with many other privates. He and Roland
Weary were separated. Weary was packed into another car in the same train.
 There were narrow ventilators at the comers of the car, under the eaves. Billy stood by
one of these, and, as the crowd pressed against him, he climbed part way up a diagonal
corner brace to make more room. He placed his eyes on a level with the ventilator, so he
could see another train about ten yards away.
 Germans were writing on the cars with blue chalk-the number of persons in each car,
their rank, their nationality, the date on which they had been put aboard. Other Germans
were securing the hasps on the car doors with wire and spikes and other trackside trash.
Billy could hear somebody writing on his car, too, but he couldn't see who was doing it.
 Most of the privates on Billy's car were very young-at the end of childhood. But
crammed into the comer with Billy was a former hobo who was forty years old.
 'I been hungrier than this,' the hobo told Billy. 'I been in worse places than this. This
ain't so bad.'
 A man in a boxcar across the way called out through the ventilator that a man had just
died in there. So it goes. There were four guards who heard him. They weren't excited by
the news.
 'Yo, yo,' said one, nodding dreamily. 'Yo, yo.'
 And the guards didn't open the car with the dead man in it. They opened the next car
instead, and Billy Pilgrim was enchanted by what was in there. It was like heaven. There
was candlelight, and there were bunks with quilts and blankets heaped on them. There
was a cannonball stove with a steaming coffeepot on top. There was a table with a bottle
of wine and a loaf of bread and a sausage on it. There were four bowls of soup.
 There were pictures of castles and lakes and pretty girls on the walls. This was the
rolling home of the railroad guards, men whose business it was to be forever guarding
freight rolling from here to there. The four guards went inside and closed the door.
 A little while later they came out smoking cigars, talking contentedly in the mellow
lower register of the German language. One of them saw Billy's face at the ventilator. He
wagged a finger at him in affectionate warning, telling him to be a good boy.
 The Americans across the way told the guards again about the dead man on their car.
The guards got a stretcher out of their own cozy car, opened the dead man's car and went
inside. The dead man's car wasn't crowded at all. There were just six live colonels in
there-and one dead one.
 The Germans carried the corpse out. The corpse was Wild Bob. So it goes.
 During the night, some of the locomotives began to tootle to one another, and then to
move. The locomotive and the last car of each train were marked with a striped banner of
orange and black, indicating that the train was not fair game for airplanes that it was
carrying prisoners of war.
 The war was nearly over. The locomotives began to move east in late December. The
war would end in May. German prisons everywhere were absolutely full, and there was
no longer any food for the prisoners to eat, and no longer any fuel to keep them warm.
And yet--here came more prisoners.
 Billy Pilgrim's train, the longest train of all, did not move for two days.
 'This ain't bad,' the hobo told Billy on the second day. 'This ain't nothing at all.'
 Billy looked out through the ventilator. The railroad yard was a desert now, except for
a hospital train marked with red crosses-on a siding far, far away. Its locomotive
whistled. The locomotive of Billy Pilgrim's train whistled back. They were saying,
'Hello.'
 Even though Billy's train wasn't moving., its boxcars were kept locked tight. Nobody
was to get off until the final destination. To the guards who walked up and down outside,
each car became a single organism which ate and drank and excreted through its
ventilators. It talked or sometimes yelled through its ventilators, too. In went water and
loaves of blackbread and sausage and cheese, and out came shit and piss and language.
 Human beings in there were excreting into steel helmets, which were passed to the
people at the ventilators, who dumped them. Billy was a dumper. The human beings also
passed canteens, which guards would fill with water. When food came in, the human
beings were quiet and trusting and beautiful. They shared.
 Human beings in there took turns standing or lying down. The legs of those who stood
were like fence posts driven into a warm., squirming, fatting, sighing earth. The queer
earth was a mosaic of sleepers who nestled like spoons.
 Now the train began to creep eastward.
 Somewhere in there was Christmas. Billy Pilgrim nestled like a spoon with the hobo
on Christmas night, and he fell asleep, and he traveled in time to 1967 again-to the night
he was kidnapped by a flying saucer from Tralfamadore.
Four
 Billy Pilgrim could not sleep on his daughters wedding night. He was forty-four. The
wedding had taken place that afternoon in a gaily striped tent in Billy's backyard. The
stripes were orange and black.
 Billy and his wife, Valencia, nestled like spoons in their big double bed. They were
jiggled by Magic Fingers. Valencia didn't need to be jiggled to sleep. Valencia was
snoring like a bandsaw. The poor woman didn't have ovaries or a uterus any more.
 They had been removed by a surgeon--by one of Billy's partners in the New Holiday
Inn.
 There was a full moon.
 Billy got out of bed in the moonlight. He felt spooky and luminous felt as though he
were wrapped in cool fur that was full of static electricity. He looked down at his bare
feet. They were ivory and blue.
 Billy now shuffled down his upstairs hallway, knowing he was about to be kidnapped
by a flying saucer. The hallway was zebra-striped with darkness and moonlight. The
moonlight came into the hallway through doorways of the empty rooms of Billy's two
children, children no more. They were gone forever. Billy was guided by dread and the
lack of dread. Dread told him when to stop. Lack of it told him when to move again. He
stopped.
 He went into his daughter's room. Her drawers were dumped. her closet was empty.
Heaped in the middle of the room were all the possessions she could not take on a
honeymoon. She had a Princess telephone extension all her own-on her windowsill Its
tiny night light stared at Billy. And then it rang.
 Billy answered. There was a drunk on the other end. Billy could almost smell his
breath-mustard gas and roses. It was a wrong number. Billy hung up. There was a soft
drink bottle on the windowsill. Its label boasted that it contained no nourishment
whatsoever.
 Billy Pilgrim padded downstairs on his blue and ivory feet. He went into the kitchen,
where the moonlight called his attention to a half bottle of champagne on the kitchen
table, all that was left from the reception in the tent. Somebody had stoppered it again.
Drink me,' it seemed to say.
 So Billy uncorked it with his thumbs. It didn't make a pop. The champagne was dead.
So it goes.
 Billy looked at the clock on the gas stove. He had an hour to kill before the saucer
came. He went into the living room, swinging the bottle like a dinner bell, turned on the
television. He came slightly unstuck in time, saw the late movie backwards, then
forwards again. It was a movie about American bombers in the Second World War and
the gallant men who flew them. Seen backwards by Billy, the story went like this:
 American planes, full of holes and wounded men and corpses took off backwards from
an airfield in England. Over France a few German fighter planes flew at them backwards,
sucked bullets and shell fragments from some of the planes and crewmen. They did the
same for wrecked American bombers on the ground, and those planes flew up backwards
to join the formation.
 The formation flew backwards over a German city that was in flames. The bombers
opened their bomb bay doors, exerted a miraculous magnetism which shrunk the fires,
gathered them into cylindrical steel containers, and lifted the containers into the bellies of
the planes. The containers were stored neatly in racks. The Germans below had
miraculous devices of their own, which were long steel tubes. They used them to suck
more fragments from the crewmen and planes. But there were still a few wounded
Americans, though, and some of the bombers were in bad repair. Over France, though,
German fighters came up again, made everything and everybody as good as new.
 When the bombers got back to their base, the steel cylinders were taken from the racks
and shipped back to the United States of America, where factories were operating night
and day, dismantling the cylinders, separating the dangerous contents into minerals.
Touchingly, it was mainly women who did this work. The minerals were then shipped to
specialists in remote areas. It was their business to put them into the ground., to hide
them cleverly, so they would never hurt anybody ever again.
 The American fliers turned in their uniforms, became high school kids. And Hitler
turned into a baby, Billy Pilgrim supposed. That wasn't in the movie. Billy was
extrapolating. Everybody turned into a baby, and all humanity, without exception,
conspired biologically to produce two perfect people named Adam and Eve, he supposed.
 Billy saw the war movies backwards then forwards-and then it was time to go out into
his backyard to meet the flying saucer. Out he went, his blue and ivory feet crushing the
wet salad of the lawn. He stopped, took a swig, of the dead champagne. It was like 7-Up.
He would not raise his eyes to the sky, though he knew there was a flying saucer from
Tralfamadore up there. He would see it soon enough, inside and out, and he would see,
too, where it came from soon enough-soon enough.
 Overhead he heard the cry of what might have been a melodious owl, but it wasn't a
melodious owl. It was a flying saucer from Tralfamadore, navigating in both space and
time, therefore seeming to Billy Pilgrim to have come from nowhere all at once.
Somewhere a big dog barked.
 The saucer was one hundred feet in diameter, with portholes around its rim. The light
from the portholes was a pulsing purple. The only noise it made was the owl song. It
came down to hover over Billy, and to enclose him in a cylinder of pulsing in purple
light. Now there was the sound of a seeming kiss as an airtight hatch in the bottom of the
saucer was opened. Down snaked a ladder that was outlined in pretty lights like a Ferris
wheel.
 Billy's will was paralyzed by a zap gun aimed at him from one of the portholes. It
became imperative that he take hold of the bottom rung of the sinuous ladder, which he
did. The rung was electrified, so that Billy's hands locked onto it hard. He was hauled
into the airlock, and machinery closed the bottom door. Only then did the ladder, wound
onto a reel in the airlock, let him go. Only then did Billy's brain start working again.
 There were two peepholes inside the airlock-with yellow eyes pressed to them. There
was a speaker on the wall. The Tralfamadorians had no voice boxes. They communicated
telepathically. They were able to talk to Billy by means of a computer and a sort of
electric organ which made every Earthling speech sound.
 'Welcome aboard, Mr. Pilgrim,' said the loudspeaker. 'Any questions?'
 Billy licked his lips, thought a while, inquired at last: 'Why me? '
 That is a very Earthling question to ask, Mr. Pilgrim. Why you? Why us for that
matter? Why anything? Because this moment simply is. Have you ever seen bugs
trapped in amber?'
 'Yes.' Billy in fact, had a paperweight in his office which was a blob of polished amber
with three ladybugs embedded in it.
 'Well, here we are, Mr. Pilgrim, trapped in the amber of this moment. There is no why.'
 They introduced an anesthetic into Billy's atmosphere now, put him to sleep. They
carded him to a cabin where he was strapped to a yellow Barca-Lounger which they had
stolen from a Sears & Roebuck warehouse. The hold of the saucer was crammed with
other stolen merchandise, which would be used to furnish Billy's artificial habitat in a zoo
on Tralfamadore.
 The terrific acceleration of the saucer as it left Earth twisted Billy's slumbering body,
distorted his face, dislodged him in time, sent him back to the war.
 When he regained consciousness, he wasn't on the flying saucer. He was in a boxcar
crossing Germany again.
 Some people were rising from the floor of the car, and others were lying down. Billy
planned to lie down, too. It would be lovely to sleep. It was black in the car, and black
outside the car, which seemed to be about two miles an hour. The car never seemed to go
any faster than that. It was a long time between clicks, between joints in the track. There
would be a click, and then a year would go by, and then there would be another click
 The train often stopped to let really important trains bawl and hurtle by. Another thing
it did was stop on sidings near prisons, leaving a few cars there. It was creeping across all
of Germany, growing shorter all the time.
 And Billy let himself down oh so gradually now, hanging onto the diagonal crossbrace
in the comer in order to make himself seem nearly weightless to those he was
joining on the floor. He knew it was important that he made himself nearly ghostlike
when lying down. He had forgotten why, but a reminder soon came.
 'Pilgrim,' said a person he was about to nestle with, 'is that you?'
 Billy didn't say anything, but nestled very politely, closed his eyes.
 'God damn it' said the person. 'That is you, isn't it?' He sat up and explored Billy rudely
with his hands. 'It's you, all right. Get the hell out of here.'
 Now Billy sat up, too-wretched, close to tears.
 'Get out of here! I want to sleep!'
 'Shut up,' said somebody else.
 'I'll shut up when Pilgrim gets away from here.'
 So Billy stood up again, clung to the cross-brace. 'Where can I sleep?' he asked
quietly.
 'Not with me.'
 'Not with me, you son of a bitch,' said somebody else. 'You yell. You kick.'
 'I do?'
 "You're God damn right you do. And whimper.'
 'I do?'
 'Keep the hell away from here, Pilgrim.'
 And now there was an acrimonious madrigal, with parts sung in all quarters of the car.
Nearly everybody seemingly, had an atrocity story of something Billy Pilgrim had done
to him in his sleep. Everybody told Billy Pilgrim to keep the hell away.
 So Billy Pilgrim had to sleep standing up, or not sleep at all. And food had stopped
coming in through the ventilators, and the days and nights were colder all the time.
 On the eighth day, the forty-year-old hobo said to Billy, 'This ain't bad. I can be
comfortable anywhere.'
 'You can?' said Billy.
 On the ninth day, the hobo died. So it goes. His last words were, 'You think this is bad?
This ain't bad.'
 There was something about death and the ninth day. There was a death on the ninth
day in the car ahead of Billy's too. Roland Weary died--of gangrene that had started in his
mangled feet. So it goes.
 Weary, in his nearly continuous delirium, told again and again of the Three
Musketeers, acknowledged that he was dying, gave many messages to be delivered to his
family in Pittsburgh. Above all, he wanted to be avenged, so he said again and again the
name of the person who had killed him. Everyone on the car learned the lesson well.
 'Who killed me?' he would ask.
 And everybody knew the answer, which was this: 'Billy Pilgrim.'
 Listen--on the tenth night the peg was pulled out of the hasp on Billy's boxcar door,
and the door was opened. Billy Pilgrim was lying at an angle on the corner-brace, selfcrucified,
holding himself there with a blue and ivory claw hooked over the sill of the
ventilator. Billy coughed when the door was opened, and when he coughed he shit thin
gruel. This was in accordance with the Third Law of Motion according to Sir Isaac
Newton. This law tells us that for every action there is a reaction which is equal and
opposite in direction.
 This can be useful in rocketry.
 The train had arrived on a siding by a prison which was originally constructed as an
extermination camp for Russian prisoners of war.
 The guards peeked inside Billy's car owlishly, cooed calmingly. They had never dealt
with Americans before, but they surely understood this general sort of freight. They knew
that it was essentially a liquid which could be induced to flow slowly toward cooing and
light. It was nighttime.
 The only light outside came from a single bulb which hung from a pole-high and far
away. All was quiet outside, except for the guards, who cooed like doves. And the liquid
began to flow. Gobs of it built up in the doorway, plopped to the ground.
 Billy was the next-to-last human being to reach the door. The hobo was the last. The
hobo could not flow, could not plop. He wasn't liquid any more. He was stone. So it goes.
 Billy didn't want to drop from the car to the ground. He sincerely believed that he
would shatter like glass. So the guards helped him down, cooing still. They set him down
facing the train. It was such a dinky train now.
 There was a locomotive, a tender, and three little boxcars. The last boxcar was the
railroad guards' heaven on wheels. Again--in that heaven on wheels--the table was set.
Dinner was served.
 At the base of the pole from which the light bulb hung were three seeming haystacks.
The Americans were wheedled and teased over to those three stacks, which weren't hay
after all. They were overcoats taken from prisoners who were dead. So it goes.
 It was the guards' firmly expressed wish that every American without an overcoat
should take one. The coats were cemented together with ice, so the guards used their
bayonets as ice picks, pricking free collars and hems and sleeves and so on, then peeling
off coats and handing them out at random. The coats were stiff and dome-shaped, having
conformed to their piles.
 The coat that Billy Pilgrim got had been crumpled and frozen in such a way, and was
so small, that it appeared to be not a coat but a sort of large black, three-cornered hat.
There were gummy stains on it, too, like crankcase drainings or old strawberry jam.
There seemed to be a dead, furry animal frozen to it. The animal was in fact the coat's fur
collar.
 Billy glanced dully at the coats of his neighbors. Their coats all had brass buttons or
tinsel or piping or numbers or stripes or eagles or moons or stars dangling from them.
They were soldiers' coats. Billy was the only one who had a coat from a dead civilian. So
it goes.
 And Billy and the rest were encouraged to shuffle around their dinky train and into the
prison camp. There wasn't anything warm or lively to attract them-merely long, low,
narrow sheds by the thousands, with no lights inside.
 Somewhere a dog barked. With the help of fear and echoes and winter silences, that
dog had a voice like a big bronze gong.
 Billy and the rest were wooed through gate after gate, and Billy saw his first Russian.
The man was all alone in the night-a ragbag with a round, flat face that glowed like a
radium dial.
 Billy passed within a yard of him. There was barbed wire between them. The Russian
did not wave or speak, but he looked directly into Billy's soul with sweet hopefulness, as
though Billy might have good news for him-news he might be too stupid to understand,
but good news all the same.
 Billy blacked out as he walked through gate after gate. He came to what he thought
might be a building on Tralfamadore. It was shrilly lit and lined with white tiles. It was
on Earth, though. It was a delousing station through which all new prisoners had to pass.
 Billy did as he was told, took off his clothes. That was the first thing they told him to
do on Tralfamadore, too.
 A German measured Billy's upper right arm with his thumb and forefinger, asked a
companion what sort of an army would send a weakling like that to the front. They
looked at the other American bodies now, pointed out a lot more that were nearly as bad
as Billy's.
 One of the best bodies belonged to the oldest American by far, a high school teacher
from Indianapolis. His name was Edgar Derby. He hadn't been in Billy's boxcar. He'd
been in Roland Weary's car, had cradled Weary's head while he died. So it goes. Derby
was forty-four years old. He was so old he had a son who was a marine in the Pacific
theater of war.
 Derby had pulled political wires to get into the army at his age. The subject he had
taught in Indianapolis was Contemporary Problems in Western Civilization. He also
coached the tennis team, and took very good care of his body.
 Derby's son would survive the war. Derby wouldn't. That good body of his would be
filled with holes by a firing squad in Dresden in sixty-eight days. So it goes.
 The worst American body wasn't Billy's. The worst body belonged to a car thief from
Cicero, Illinois. Ms name was Paul Lazzaro. He was tiny, and not only were his bones
and teeth rotten, but his skin was disgusting. Lazzaro was polka-dotted all over with
dime-sized scars. He had had many plagues of boils.
 Lazzaro, too, had been on Roland Weary's boxcar, and had given his word of honor to
Weary that he would find some way to make Billy Pilgrim pay for Weary's death. He was
looking around now, wondering which naked human being was Billy.
 The naked Americans took their places under many showerheads along a white-tiled
wall. There were no faucets they could control. They could only wait for whatever was
coming. Their penises were shriveled and their balls were retracted. Reproduction was
not the main business of the evening.
 An unseen hand turned a master valve. Out of the showerheads gushed scalding rain.
The rain was a blow-torch that did not warm. It jazzed and jangled Billy's skin without
thawing the ice in the marrow of his long bones.
 The Americans' clothes were meanwhile passing through poison gas. Body lice and
bacteria and fleas were dying by the billions. So it goes.
 And Billy zoomed back in time to his infancy. He was a baby who had just been
bathed by his mother. Now his mother wrapped him in a towel, carried him into a rosy
room that was filled with sunshine. She unwrapped him, laid him on the tickling towel,
powdered him between his legs, joked with him, patted his little jelly belly. Her palm on
his little jelly belly made potching sounds.
 Billy gurgled and cooed.
 And then Billy was a middle-aged optometrist again, playing hacker's golf this timeon
a blazing summer Sunday morning. Billy never went to church any more. He was
hacking with three other optometrists. Billy was on the green in seven strokes, and it was
his turn to putt.
 It was an eight-foot putt and he made it. He bent over to take the ball out of the cup,
and the sun went behind a cloud. Billy was momentarily dizzy. When he recovered, he
wasn't on the golf course any more. He was strapped to a yellow contour chair in a white
chamber aboard a flying saucer, which was bound for Tralfamadore.
 'Where am I?' said Billy Pilgrim.
 'Trapped in another blob of amber, Mr. Pilgrim. We are where we have to be just nowthree
hundred million miles from Earth, bound for a time warp which will get us to
Tralfamadore in hours rather than centuries.'
 'How-how did I get here?'
 'It would take another Earthling to explain it to you. Earthlings are the great explainers,
explaining why this event is structured as it is, telling how other events may be achieved
or avoided. I am a Tralfamadorian, seeing all time as you might see a stretch of Rocky
Mountains. All time is all time. It does not change. It does not lend itself to warnings or
explanations. It simply is. Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all,
as I've said before, bugs in amber.'
 'You sound to me as though you don't believe in free will,' said Billy Pilgrim.
 'If I hadn't spent so much time studying Earthlings,' said the Tralfamadorian, 'I
wouldn't have any idea what was meant by "free will." I've visited thirty-one inhabited
planets in the universe, and I have studied reports on one hundred more. Only on Earth is
there any talk of free will.'
Five
 Billy Pilgrim says that the Universe does not look like a lot of bright little dots to the
creatures from Tralfamadore. The creatures can see where each star has been and where it
is going, so that the heavens are filled with rarefied, luminous spaghetti. And
Tralfamadorians don't see human beings as two-legged creatures, either. They see them
as great millipedes with babies' legs at one end and old people's legs at the other,' says
Billy Pilgrim.
 Billy asked for something to read on the trip to Tralfamadore. His captors had five
million Earthling books on microfilm, but no way to project them in Billy's cabin. They
had only one actual book in English, which would be placed in a Tralfamadorian
museum. It was Valley of the Dolls, by Jacqueline Susann.
 Billy read it, thought it was pretty good in spots. The people in it certainly had their
ups-and-downs, ups-and-downs. But Billy didn't want to read about the same ups-anddowns
over and over again. He asked if there wasn't, please, some other reading matters
around.
 'Only Tralfamadorian novels, which I'm afraid you couldn't begin to understand,' said
the speaker on the wall.
 'Let me look at one anyway.'
 So they sent him in several. They were little things. A dozen of them might have had
the bulk of Valley of the Dolls-with all its ups-and-downs, up-and-downs.
 Billy couldn't read Tralfamadorian, of course, but he could at least see how the books
were laid out-in brief clumps of symbols separated by stars. Billy commented that the
clumps might be telegrams.
 'Exactly,' said the voice.
 'They are telegrams?'
 'There are no telegrams on Tralfamadore. But you're right: each clump of-symbols is a
brief, urgent message describing a situation, a scene, We Tralfamadorians read them all at
once, not one after the other. There isn't any particular relationship between all the
messages, except that the author has chosen them carefully, so that, when seen all at
once, they produce an image of life that is beautiful and surprising and deep. There is no
beginning, no middle, no end, no suspense, no moral, no causes, no effects. What we
love in our books are the depths of many marvelous moments seen all at one time.'
 Moments after that, the saucer entered a time warp, and Billy was flung back into his
childhood. He was twelve years old, quaking as he stood with his mother and father on
Bright Angel Point, at the rim of Grand Canyon. The little human family was staring at
the floor of the canyon, one mile straight down.
 'Well,' said Billy's father, manfully kicking a pebble into space, 'there it is.' They had
come to this famous place by automobile. They had had several blowouts on the way.
 'It was worth the trip,' said Billy's mother raptly. 'Oh, God was it ever worth it.'
 Billy hated the canyon. He was sure that he was going to fall in. His mother touched
him, and he wet his pants.
 There were other tourists looking down into the canyon, too, and a ranger was there to
answer questions. A Frenchman who had come all the way from France asked the ranger
in broken English if many people committed suicide by jumping in.
 'Yes, sir,' said the ranger. 'About three folks a year.' So it goes.
 And Billy took a very short trip through time, made a peewee jump of only ten days, so
he was still twelve, still touring the West with his family. Now they were down in
Carlsbad Caverns, and Billy was praying to God to get him out of there before the ceiling
fell in.
 A ranger was explaining that the Caverns had been discovered by a cowboy who saw a
huge cloud of bats come out of a hole in the ground. And then he said that he was going
to turn out all the lights., and that it would probably be the first time in the lives of most
people there that they had ever been in darkness that was total.
 Out went the lights. Billy didn't even know whether he was still alive or not. And then
something ghostly floated in air to his left. It had numbers on it. His father had taken out
his Pocket watch. The watch had a radium dial.
 Billy went from total dark to total light, found himself back in the war, back in the
delousing station again. The shower was over. An unseen hand had turned the water off.
 When Billy got his clothes back, they weren't any cleaner, but all the little animals that
had been living in them were dead. So it goes. And his new overcoat was thawed out and
limp now. It was much too small for Billy. It had a fur collar and a g of crimson silk, and
had apparently been made for an impresario about as big as an organ-grinder's monkey. It
was full of bullet holes.
 Billy Pilgrim dressed himself. He put on the little overcoat, too. It split up the back,
and, at the shoulders, the sleeves came entirely free. So the coat became a fur-collared
vest. It was meant to flare at its owners waist, but the flaring took place at Billy's armpits.
'The Germans found him to be one of the most screamingly funny things they had seen in
all of the Second World War. They laughed and laughed.
 And the Germans told everybody else to form in ranks of five, with Billy as their pivot.
Then out of doors went the parade, and through gate after gate again. 'There were more
starving Russians with faces like radium dials. The Americans were livelier than before.
The jazzing with hot water had cheered them up. And they came to a shed where a
corporal with only one arm and one eye wrote the name and serial number of each
prisoner in a big, red ledger. Everybody was legally alive now. Before they got their
names and numbers in that book, they were missing in action and probably dead.
 So it goes.
 As the Americans were waiting to move on, an altercation broke out in their rear-most
rank. An American had muttered something which a guard did not like. The guard knew
English, and he hauled the American out of ranks knocked him down.
 The American was astonished. He stood up shakily, spitting blood. He'd had two teeth
knocked out. He had meant no harm by what he'd said, evidently, had no idea that the
guard would hear and understand.
 'Why me?' he asked the guard.
 The guard shoved him back into ranks. 'Vy you? Vy anybody?' he said.
 When Billy Pilgrim's name was inscribed in the ledger of the prison camp, he was
given a number, too, and an iron dogtag in which that number was stamped. A slave
laborer from Poland had done the stamping. He was dead now. So it goes.
 Billy was told to hang the tag around his neck along with his American dogtags, which
he did. The tag was like a salt cracker, perforated down its middle so that a strong man
could snap it in two with his bare hands. In case Billy died, which he didn't, half the tag
would mark his body and half would mark his grave.
 After poor Edgar Derby, the high school teacher, was shot in Dresden later on, a doctor
pronounced him dead and snapped his dogtag in two. So it goes.
 Properly enrolled and tagged, the Americans were led through gate after gate again. In
two days' time now their families would learn from the International Red Cross that they
were alive.
 Next to Billy was little Paul Lazzaro, who had promised to avenge Roland Weary.
Lazzaro wasn't thinking about vengeance. He was thinking about his terrible bellyache.
His stomach had shrunk to the size of a walnut. That dry, shriveled pouch was as sore as
a boil.
 Next to Lazzaro was poor, doomed old Edgar Derby, with his American and German
dogs displayed like a necklace, on the outside of his clothes. He had expected to become
a captain, a company commander, because of his wisdom and age. Now here he was on
the Czechoslovakian border at midnight.
 'Halt,' said a guard.
 The Americans halted. They stood there quietly in the cold. The sheds they were
among were outwardly like thousands of other sheds they had passed. There was this
difference, though: the sheds had tin chimneys, and out of the chimneys whirled
constellations of sparks.
 A guard knocked on a door.
 The door was flung open from inside. Light leaped out through the door, escaped from
prison at 186,000 miles per second. Out marched fifty middle-aged Englishmen. They
were singing "Hail, Hail, the Gang's All Here' from the Pirates of Penzance'.
 These lusty, ruddy vocalists were among the first English-speaking prisoners to be
taken in the Second World War. Now they were singing to nearly the last. They had not
seen a woman or a child for four years or more. They hadn't seen any birds, either. Not
even sparrows would come into the camp.
 The Englishmen were officers. Each of them had attempted to escape from another
prison at least once. Now they were here, dead-center in a sea of dying Russians.
 They could tunnel all they pleased. They would inevitably surface within a rectangle of
barbed wire, would find themselves greeted listlessly by dying Russians who spoke no
English, who had no food or useful information or escape plans of their own. They could
scheme all they pleased to hide aboard a vehicle or steal one, but no vehicle ever came
into their compound. They could feign illness, if they liked, but that wouldn't earn them a
trip anywhere, either. The only hospital in the camp was a six-bed affair in the British
compound itself.
 The Englishmen were clean and enthusiastic and decent and strong. They sang
boomingly well. They had been singing together every night for years.
 The Englishmen had also been lifting weights and chinning themselves for years. Their
bellies were like washboards. The muscles of their calves and upper arms were like
cannonballs. They were all masters of checkers and chess and bridge and cribbage and
dominoes and anagrams and charades and Ping-Pong and billiards, as well.
 They were among the wealthiest people in Europe, in terms of food. A clerical error
early in the war, when food was still getting through to prisoners, had caused the Red
Cross to ship them five hundred parcels every month instead of fifty. The Englishmen
had hoarded these so cunningly that now, as the war was ending, they had three tons of
sugar, one ton of coffee, eleven hundred pounds of chocolate, seven hundred pounds of
tobacco, seventeen hundred pounds of tea, two tons of flour, one ton of canned beef,
twelve hundred pounds of canned butter, sixteen hundred pounds of canned cheese, eight
hundred pounds of powdered milk., and two tons of orange marmalade.
 They kept all this in a room without windows. They had ratproofed it by lining it with
flattened tin cans.
 They were adored by the Germans, who thought they were exactly what the
Englishmen ought to be. They made war look stylish and reasonable, and fun. So the
Germans let them have four sheds, though one shed would have held them all. And, in
exchange for coffee or chocolate or tobacco, the Germans gave them paint and lumber
and nails and cloth for fixing things up.
 The Englishmen had known for twelve hours that American guests were on their way.
They had never had guests before, and they went to work like darling elves, sweeping,
mopping, cooking, baking-making mattresses of straw and burlap bags, setting tables,
putting party favors at each place.
 Now they were singing their welcome to their guests in the winter night. Their clothes
were aromatic with the feast they had been preparing. They were dressed half for battle,
half for tennis or croquet. They were so elated by their own hospitality, and by all the
goodies waiting inside, that they did not take a good look at their guests while they sang.
And they imagined that they were singing to fellow officers fresh from the fray.
 They wrestled the Americans toward the shed door affectionately, filling the night with
manly blather and brotherly rodomontades. They called them 'Yank,' told them 'Good
show,' promised them that 'Jerry was on the run,' and so on.
 Billy Pilgrim wondered dimly who Jerry was.
 Now he was indoors., next to an iron cookstove that was glowing cherry red. Dozens
of teapots were boiling there. Some of them had whistles. And there was a witches'
cauldron full of golden soup. The soup was thick. Primeval bubbles surfaced it with
lethargical majesty as Billy Pilgrim stared.
 There were long tables set for a banquet. At each place was a bowl made from a can
that had once contained powdered milk. A smaller can was a cup. A taller, more slender
can was a tumbler. Each tumbler was filled with warm milk.
 At each place was a safety razor, a washcloth, a package of razor blades, a chocolate
bar, two cigars, a bar of soap,, ten cigarettes, a book of matches, a pencil and a candle.
 Only the candles and the soap were of German origin. They had a ghostly, opalescent
similarity. The British had no way of knowing it, but the candles and the soap were made
from the fat of rendered Jews and Gypsies and fairies and communists, and other enemies
of the State.
 So it goes.
 The banquet hall was illuminated by candlelight. There were heaps of fresh baked
white bread on the tables, gobs of butter, pots of marmalade. There were platters of sliced
beef from cans. Soup and scrambled eggs and hot marmalade pie were yet to come.
 And, at the far end of the shed, Billy saw pink arches with azure draperies hanging
between them, and an enormous clock, and two golden thrones, and a bucket and a mop.
It was in this setting that the evening's entertainment would take place, a musical version
of Cinderella, the most popular story ever told.
 Billy Pilgrim was on fire, having stood too close to the glowing stove. The hem of his
little coat was burning. It was a quiet, patient sort of fire-like the burning of punk.
 Billy wondered ff there was a telephone somewhere. He wanted to call his mother, to
tell her he was alive and well.
 There was silence now, as the Englishmen looked in astonishment at the frowsy
creatures they had so lustily waltzed inside. One of the Englishmen saw that Billy was on
fire. 'You're on fire lad!' he said, and he got Billy away from the stove and beat out the
sparks with his hands.
 When Billy made no comment on this, the Englishman asked him, 'Can you talk? Can
you hear?'
 Billy nodded.
 The Englishman touched him exploratorily here and there, filled with pity. 'My Godwhat
have they done to you, lad? This isn't a man. It's a broken kite.'
 'Are you really an American?' said the Englishman.
 'Yes,' said Billy.
 'And your rank?'
 'Private.'
 'What became of your boots, lad?'
 'I don't remember.'
 'Is that coat a joke?'
 'Sir?'
 'Where did you get such a thing?'
 Billy had to think hard about that. 'They gave it to me,' he said at last.
 'Jerry gave it to you?'
 'Who? '
 'The Germans gave it to you?'
 'Yes.'
 Billy didn't like the questions. They were fatiguing.
 'Ohhhh-Yank, Yank, Yank,' said the Englishman, 'that coat was an insult,
 'Sir? '
 'It was a deliberate attempt to humiliate you. You mustn't let Jerry do things like that.'
 Billy Pilgrim swooned.
 Billy came to on a chair facing the stage. He had somehow eaten, and now he was
watching Cinderella. Some part of him had evidently been enjoying the performance for
quite a while. Billy was laughing hard.
 The women in the play were really men, of course. The clock had just struck midnight
and Cinderella was lamenting
'Goodness me, the clock has struckAlackaday,
and fuck my luck.'
 Billy found the couplet so comical that he not only laughed-he shrieked. He went on
shrieking until he was carried out of the shed and into another, where the hospital was. It
was a six-bed hospital. There weren't any other patients in there.
 Billy was put to bed and tied down, and given a shot of morphine. Another American
volunteered to watch over him. This volunteer was Edgar Derby, the high school teacher
who would be shot to death in Dresden. So it goes.
 Derby sat on a three-legged stool. He was given a book to read. The book was The Red
Badge of Courage, by Stephen Crane. Derby had read it before. Now he read it again
while Billy Pilgrim entered a morphine paradise.
 Under morphine, Billy had a dream of giraffes in a garden. The giraffes were following
gravel paths, were pausing to munch sugar pears from treetops. Billy was a giraffe, too.
He ate a pear. It was a hard one. It fought back against his grinding teeth. It snapped in
juicy protest.
 The giraffes accepted Billy as one of their own, as a harmless creature as
preposterously specialized as themselves. Two approached him from opposite sides,
leaned against him. They had long, muscular upper lips which they could shape like the
bells of bugles. They kissed him with these. They were female giraffes-cream and lemon
yellow. They had horns like doorknobs. The knobs were covered with velvet.
 Why?
 Night came to the garden of the giraffes, and Billy Pilgrim slept without dreaming for a
while, and then he traveled in time. He woke up with his head under a blanket in a ward
for nonviolent mental patients in a veterans' hospital near Lake Placid, New York. It was
springtime in 1948, three years after the end of the war.
 Billy uncovered his head. The windows of the ward were open. Birds were twittering
outside. 'Poo-tee-weet?' one asked him. The sun was high. There were twenty-nine other
patients assigned to the ward, but they were all outdoors now, enjoying the day. They
were free to come and go as they pleased, to go home, even., if they liked-and so was
Billy Pilgrim. They had come here voluntarily, alarmed by the outside world.
 Billy had committed himself in the middle of his final year at the Ilium School of
Optometry. Nobody else suspected that he was going crazy. Everybody else thought he
looked fine and was acting fine. Now he was in the hospital. The doctors agreed: He was
going crazy.
 They didn't think it had anything to do with the war. They were sure Billy was going to
pieces because his father had thrown him into the deep end of the Y.M.C.A. swimming
pool when he was a little boy, and had then taken him to the rim of the Grand Canyon.
 The man assigned to the bed next to Billy's was a former infantry captain named Eliot
Rosewater. Rosewater was sick and tired of being drunk all the time.
 It was Rosewater who introduced Billy to science fiction, and in particular to the
writings of Kilgore Trout. Rosewater had a tremendous collection of science-fiction
paperbacks under his bed. He had brought them to the hospital in a steamer trunk. Those
beloved, frumpish books gave off a smell that permeated the ward-like flannel pajamas
that hadn't been changed for a month, or like Irish stew.
 Kilgore Trout became Billy's favorite living author, and science fiction became the
only sort of tales he could read.
 Rosewater was twice as smart as Billy, but he and Billy were dealing with similar
crises in similar ways. They had both found life meaningless, partly because of what they
had seen in war. Rosewater, for instance, had shot a fourteen-year-old fireman, mistaking
him for a German soldier. So it goes. And Billy had seen the greatest massacre in
European history, which was the firebombing of Dresden. So it goes.
 So they were trying to re-invent themselves and their universe. Science fiction was a
big help.
 Rosewater said an interesting thing to Billy one time about a book that wasn't science
fiction. He said that everything there was to know about life was in The Brothers
Karamazov, by Feodor Dostoevsky. 'But that isn't enough any more.' said Rosewater.
 Another time Billy heard Rosewater say to a psychiatrist, 'I think you guys are going to
have to come up with a lot of wonderful new lies, or people just aren't going to want to
go on living.'
 There was a still life on Billy's bedside table-two pills, an ashtray with three lipstickstained
cigarettes in it, one cigarette still burning, and a glass of water. The water was
dead. So it goes. Air was trying to get out of that dead water. Bubbles were clinging to
the walls of the glass, too weak to climb out.
 The cigarettes belonged to Billy's chain-smoking mother. She had sought the ladies'
room, which was off the ward for WACS and WAVES and SPARS and WAFS who had
gone bananas. She would be back at any moment now.
 Billy covered his head with his blanket again. He always covered his head when his
mother came to see him in the mental ward-always got much sicker until she went away.
It wasn't that she was ugly, or had bad breath or a bad personality. She was a perfectly
nice, standard-issue, brown-haired, white woman with a high-school education.
 She upset Billy simply by being his mother. She made him feel embarrassed and
ungrateful and weak because she had gone to so much trouble to give him life, and to
keep that life going, and Billy didn't really like life at all.
 Billy heard Eliot Rosewater come in and lie down. Rosewater's bedsprings talked a lot
about that. Rosewater was a big man, but not very powerful. He looked as though he
might be made out of nose putty.
 And then Billy's mother came back from the ladies' room, sat down on a chair between
Billy's and Rosewater's bed. Rosewater greeted her with melodious warmth, asked how
she was today. He seemed delighted to hear that she was fine. He was experimenting with
being ardently sympathetic with everybody he met. He thought that might make the
world a slightly more pleasant place to live in. He called Billy's mother 'dear.' He was
experimenting with calling everybody 'dear.'
 'Some day' she promised Rosewater, 'I'm going to come in here, and Billy is going to
uncover his head, and do you know what he's going to say?'
 'What's he going to say, dear?'
 'He's going to say, 'Hello, Mom," and he's going to smile. He's going to say, 'Gee, it's
good to see you, Mom. How have you been?"'
 'Today could be the day.'
 'Every night I pray.'
 'That's a good thing to do.'
 'People would be surprised if they knew how much in this world was due to prayers.'
 'You never said a truer word, dear.'
 'Does your mother come to see you often?'
 'My mother is dead,' said Rosewater. So it goes.
 'I'm sorry.'
 'At least she had a happy life as long as it lasted.'
 'That's a consolation, anyway.'
 'Yes.'
 'Billy's father is dead, you know, said Billy's mother. So it goes.
 'A boy needs a father.'
 And on and on it went--that duet between the dumb, praying lady and the big, hollow
man so full of loving echoes.
 'He was at the top of his class when this happened,' said Billy's mother.
 'Maybe he was working too hard.' said Rosewater. He held a book he wanted to read,
but he was much too polite to read and talk, too, easy as it was to give Billy's mother
satisfactory answers. The book was Maniacs in the Fourth Dimension, by Kilgore Trout.
It was about people whose mental diseases couldn't be treated because the causes of the
diseases were all in the fourth dimension, and three-dimensional Earthling doctors
couldn't see those causes at all, or even imagine them.
 One thing Trout said that Rosewater liked very much was that there really were
vampires and werewolves and goblins and angels and so on, but that they were in the
fourth dimension. So was William Blake, Rosewater's favorite poet, according to Trout.
So were heaven and hell.
 'He's engaged to a very rich girl,' said Billy's mother.
 'Thats good,' said Rosewater. 'Money can be a great comfort sometimes.'
 'It really can.'
 'Of course it can.'
 'It isn't much fun if you have to pinch every penny till it screams.
 'It's nice to have a little breathing room.'
 'Her father owns the optometry school where Billy was going. He also owns six offices
around our part of the state. He flies his own plane and has a summer place up on Lake
George.'
 'That's a beautiful lake.'
 Billy fell asleep under his blanket. When he woke up again, he was tied to the bed in
the hospital back in prison. He opened one eye, saw poor old Edgar Derby reading The
Red Badge of Courage by candlelight.
 Billy closed that one eye saw in his memory of the future poor old Edgar Derby in
front of a firing squad in the ruins of Dresden. There were only four men in that squad.
Billy had heard that one man in each firing squad was customarily given a rifle loaded
with blank cartridge. Billy didn't think there would be a blank cartridge issued in a squad
that small, in a war that old.
 Now the head Englishman came into the hospital to check on Billy. He was an infantry
colonel captured at Dunkirk. It was he who had given Billy morphine. There wasn't a real
doctor in the compound, so the doctoring was up to him. 'How's the patient?' he asked
Derby.
 'Dead to the world.'
 'But not actually dead.'
 'No.'
 'How nice-to feel nothing, and still get full credit for being alive.'
 Derby now came to lugubrious attention.
 'No, no-please-as you were. With only two men for each officer, and all the men sick, I
think we can do without the usual pageantry between officers and men.'
 Derby remained standing. 'You seem older than the rest,' said the colonel.
 Derby told him he was forty-five, which was two years older than the colonel. The
colonel said that the other Americans had all shaved now, that Billy and Derby were the
only two still with beards. And he said, 'You know we've had to imagine the war here,
and we have imagined that it was being fought by aging men like ourselves. We had
forgotten that wars were fought by babies. When I saw those freshly shaved faces, it was
a shock "My God, my God-" I said to myself. "It's the Children's Crusade."'
 The colonel asked old Derby how he had been captured, and Derby told a tale of being
in a clump of trees with about a hundred other frightened soldiers. The battle had been
going on for five days. The hundred had been driven into the trees by tanks.
 Derby described the incredible artificial weather that Earthlings sometimes create for
other Earthlings when they don't want those other Earthlings to inhabit Earth any more.
Shells were bursting in the treetops with terrific bangs, he said, showering down knives
and needles and razorblades. Little lumps of lead in copper jackets were crisscrossing the
woods under the shellbursts, zipping along much faster than sound.
 A lot of people were being wounded or killed. So it goes.
 Then the shelling stopped, and a hidden German with a loudspeaker told the
Americans to put their weapons down and come out of the woods with their hands on the
top of their heads, or the shelling would start again. It wouldn't stop until everybody in
there was dead.
 So the Americans put their weapons down, and they came out of the woods with their
hands on top of their heads, because they wanted to go on living, if they possibly could.
 Billy traveled in time back to the veterans' hospital again. The blanket was over his
head. It was quiet outside the blanket. "Is my mother gone?' said Billy.
 'Yes.'
 Billy peeked out from under his blanket. His fiance was out there now, sitting on the
visitor's chair. Her name was Valencia Merble. Valencia was the daughter of the owner of
the Ilium School of Optometry. She was rich. She was as big as a house because she
couldn't stop eating. She was eating now. She was eating a Three Musketeers Candy Bar.
She was wearing trifocal lenses in harlequin frames, and the frames were trimmed with
rhinestones. The glitter of the rhinestones was answered by the glitter of the diamond in
her engagement ring. The diamond was insured for eighteen hundred dollars. Billy had
found that diamond in Germany. It was booty of war.
 Billy didn't want to marry ugly Valencia. She was one of the symptoms of his disease.
He knew he was going crazy, when he heard himself proposing marriage to her, when he
begged her to take the diamond ring and be his companion for life.
 Billy said, 'Hello,' to her, and she asked him if he wanted some candy, and he said, 'No,
thanks.'
 She asked him how he was, and he said, 'Much better, thanks.' She said that everybody
at the Optometry School was sorry he was sick and hoped he would be well soon, and
Billy said, 'When you see 'em, tell 'em, "Hello."'
 She promised she would.
 She asked him if there was anything she could bring him from the outside, and he said,
'No. I have just about everything I want.'
 'What about books?' said Valencia.
 'I'm right next to one of the biggest private libraries in the world,' said Billy, meaning
Eliot Rosewater's collection of science fiction.
 Rosewater was on the next bed, reading, and Billy drew him into the conversation,
asked him what he was reading this time.
 So Rosewater told him. It was The Gospel from Outer Space, by Kilgore Trout. It was
about a visitor from outer space, shaped very much like a Tralfamadorian by the way.
The visitor from outer space made a serious study of Christianity, to learn, if he could,
why Christians found it so easy to be cruel. He concluded that at least part of the trouble
was slipshod storytelling in the New Testament. He supposed that the intent of the
Gospels was to teach people, among other things, to be merciful, even to the lowest of the
low.
 But the Gospels actually taught this:
 Before you kill somebody, make absolutely sure he isn't well connected. So it goes.
 The flaw in the Christ stories, said the visitor from outer space, was that Christ, who
didn't look like much, was actually the Son of the Most Powerful Being in the Universe.
Readers understood that, so, when they came to the crucifixion, they naturally thought,
and Rosewater read out loud again:
 Oh, boy-they sure picked the wrong guy to lynch that time!
 And that thought had a brother: 'There are right people to lynch.' Who? People not well
connected. So it goes.
 The visitor from outer space made a gift to Earth of a new Gospel. In it, Jesus really
was a nobody, and a pain in the neck to a lot of people with better connections than he
had. He still got to say all the lovely and puzzling things he said in the other Gospels.
 So the people amused themselves one day by nailing him to a cross and planting the
cross in the ground. There couldn't possibly be any repercussions, the lynchers thought.
The reader would have to think that, too, since the new Gospel hammered home again
and again what a nobody Jesus was.
 And then, just before the nobody died, the heavens opened up, and there was thunder
and lightning. The voice of God came crashing down. He told the people that he was
adopting the bum as his son giving him the full powers and privileges of The Son of the
Creator of the Universe throughout all eternity. God said this From this moment on, He
will punish horribly anybody who torments a bum who has no connections!
 Billy's fiance had finished her Three Musketeers Candy Bar. Now she was eating a
Milky Way.
 'Forget books,' said Rosewater, throwing that particular book under his bed. 'The hell
with 'em.'
 'That sounded like an interesting one,' said Valencia.
 Jesus-if Kilgore Trout could only write!' Rosewater exclaimed. He had a point: Kilgore
Trout's unpopularity was deserved. His prose was frightful. Only his ideas were good.
 'I don't think Trout has ever been out of the country, ' Rosewater went on. 'My God-he
writes about Earthlings all the time, and they're all Americans. Practically nobody on
Earth is an American.'
 'Where does he live?" Valencia asked.
 'Nobody knows,' Rosewater replied. 'I'm the only person who ever heard of him, as far
as I can tell. No two books have the same publisher, and every time I write him in care of
a publisher, the letter comes back because the publisher has failed.'
 He changed the subject now, congratulated Valencia on her engagement ring.
 'Thank you,' she said, and held it out so Rosewater could get a close look. 'Billy got
that diamond in the war.'
 'That's the attractive thing about war,' said Rosewater. Absolutely everybody gets a
little something.'
 With regard to the whereabouts of Kilgore Trout: he actually lived in Ilium, Billy's
hometown, friendless and despised. Billy would meet him by and by.
 'Billy' said Valencia Merble.
 'Hm?'
 'You want to talk about our silver pattern? '
 'Sure.'
 'I've got it narrowed down pretty much to either Royal Danish or Rambler Rose.'
 'Rambler Rose,' said Billy.
 'It isn't something we should rush into,' she said. 'I mean whatever we decide on, that's
what we're going to have to live with the rest of our lives.'
 Billy studied the pictures. 'Royal Danish.' he said at last.
 'Colonial Moonlight is nice, too.'
 'Yes, it is,' said Billy Pilgrim.
 And Billy traveled in time to the zoo on Tralfamadore. He was forty-four years old, on
display under a geodesic dome. He was reclining on the lounge chair which had been his
cradle during his trip through space. He was naked. The Tralfamadorians were
interested in his body-all of it. There were thousands of them outside, holding up their
little hands so that their eyes could see him. Billy had been on Tralfamadore for six
Earthling months now. He was used to the crowd.
 Escape was out of the question. The atmosphere outside the dome was cyanide, and
Earth was 446,120,000,000,000,000 miles away.
 Billy was displayed there in the zoo in a simulated Earthling habitat. Most of the
furnishings had been stolen from the Sears & Roebuck warehouse in Iowa City, Iowa.
There was a color television set and a couch that could be converted into a bed. There
were end tables with lamps and ashtrays on them by the couch. There was a home bar
and two stools. There was a little pool table. There was wall-to-wall carpeting in federal
gold, except in the kitchen and bathroom areas and over the iron manhole cover in the
center of the floor. There were magazines arranged in a fan on the coffee table in front of
the couch.
 There was a stereophonic phonograph. The phonograph worked. The television didn't.
There was a picture of one cowboy shooting another one pasted to the television tube. So
it goes.
 There were no wall in the dome, nor place for Billy to hide. The mint green bathroom
fixtures were right out in the open. Billy got off his lounge chair now, went into the
bathroom and took a leak. The crowd went wild.
 Billy brushed his teeth on Tralfamadore, put in his partial denture, and went into his
kitchen. His bottled-gas range and his refrigerator and his dishwasher were mint green,
too. There was a picture painted on the door of the refrigerator. The refrigerator had
come that way. It was a picture of a Gay Nineties couple on a bicycle built for two.
Billy looked at that picture now, tried to think something about the couple. Nothing
came to him. There didn't seem to be anything to think about those two people.
 Billy ate a good breakfast from cans. He washed his cup and plate and knife and fork
and spoon and saucepan, put them away. Then he did exercises he had learned in the
Army-straddle jumps, deep knee bends, sit-ups and push-ups. Most Tralfamadorians had
no way of knowing Bill's body and face were not beautiful. They supposed that he was a
splendid specimen. This had a pleasant effect on Billy, who began to enjoy his body for
the first time.
 He showered after his exercises and trimmed his toenails. He shaved and sprayed
deodorant under his arms, while a zoo guide on a raised platform outside explained what
Billy was doing-and why. The guide was lecturing telepathically, simply standing there,
sending out thought waves to the crowd. On the platform with him was the little
keyboard instrument with which he would relay questions to Billy from the crowd.
Now the first question came-from the speaker on the television set: 'Are you happy here?'
 'About as happy as I was on Earth,' said Billy Pilgrim, which was true.
 There were fives sexes on Tralfamadore, each of them performing a step necessary in
the creation of a new individual. They looked identical to Billy-because their sex
differences were all in the fourth dimension.
 One of the biggest moral bombshells handed to Billy by the Tralfamadorians,
incidentally, had to do with sex on Earth. They said their flying-saucer crews had
identified no fewer than seven sexes on Earth, each essential to reproduction. Again:
Billy couldn't possibly imagine what five of those seven sexes had to do with the making
of a baby, since they were sexually active only in the fourth dimension.
 The Tralfamadorians tried to give Billy clues that would help him imagine sex in the
invisible dimension. They told him that there could be no Earthling babies without male
homosexuals. There could be babies without female homosexuals. There couldn't be
babies without women over sixty-five years old. There could be babies without men over
sixty-five. There couldn't be babies without other babies who had lived an hour or less
after birth. And so on.
 It was gibberish to Billy.
 There was a lot that Billy said that was gibberish to the Tralfamadorians, too. They
couldn't imagine what time looked like to him. Billy had given up on explaining that.
The guide outside had to explain as best he could.
 The guide invited the crowd to imagine that they were looking across a desert at a
mountain range on a day that was twinkling bright and clear. They could look at a peak
or a bird or a cloud, at a stone right in front of them, or even down into a canyon behind
them. But among them was this poor Earthling, and his head was encased in a steel
sphere which he could never take off. There was only one eyehole through which he
could look, and welded to that eyehole were six feet of pipe.
 This was only the beginning of Billy's miseries in the metaphor. He was also strapped
to a steel lattice which was bolted to a flatcar on rails, And there was no way he could
turn his head or touch the pipe. The far end of the pipe rested on a bi-pod which was also
bolted to the flatcar. All Billy could see was the dot at the end of the pipe. He didn't
know he was on a flatcar, didn't even know there was anything peculiar about his
situation.
 The flatcar sometimes crept, sometimes went extremely fast, often stopped-went
uphill, downhill, around curves, along straightaways. Whatever poor Billy saw through
the pipe, he had no choice but to say to himself, 'That's life.'
 Billy expected the Tralfamadorians to be baffled and alarmed by all the wars and other
forms of murder on Earth. He expected them to fear that the Earthling combination of
ferocity and spectacular weaponry might eventually destroy part or maybe all of the
innocent Universe. Science fiction had led him to expect that.
 But the subject of war never came up until Billy brought it up himself. Somebody in
the zoo crowd asked him through the lecturer what the most valuable thing he had
learned on Tralfamadore was so far, and Billy replied, 'How the inhabitants of a whole
planet can live in peace I As you know, I am from a planet that has been engaged in
senseless slaughter since the beginning of time. I myself have seen the bodies of
schoolgirls who were boiled alive in a water tower by my own countrymen, who were
proud of fighting pure evil at the time. ' This was true. Billy saw the boiled bodies in
Dresden. 'And I have lit my way in a prison at night with candles from the fat of human
beings who were butchered by the brothers and fathers of those school girls who were
boiled. Earthlings must be the terrors of the Universe! If other planets aren't now in
danger from Earth, they soon will be. So tell me the secret so I can take it back to Earth
and save us all: How can a planet live at peace?'
 Billy felt that he had spoken soaringly. He was baffled when he saw the
Tralfamadorians close their little hands on their eyes. He knew from past experience
what this meant: He was being stupid.
 'Would-would you mind telling me,' he said to the guide, much deflated, 'what was so
stupid about that?'
 'We know how the Universe ends,' said the guide, 'and Earth has nothing to do with it,
except that it gets wiped out, too.'
 'How-how does the Universe end?' said Billy.
 'We blow it up, experimenting with new fuels for our flying saucers. A
Tralfamadorian test pilot presses a starter button, and the whole Universe disappears.' So
it goes.
 "If You know this," said Billy, 'isn't there some way you can prevent it? Can't you
keep the pilot from pressing the button?'
 'He has always pressed it, and he always will. We always let him and we always will
let him. The moment is structured that way.'
 'So,' said Billy gropingly, I suppose that the idea of, preventing war on Earth is stupid,
too. '
 'Of course.'
 'But you do have a peaceful planet here.'
 'Today we do. On other days we have wars as horrible as any you've ever seen or read
about. There isn't anything we can do about them, so we simply don't look at them. We
ignore them. We spend eternity looking at pleasant moments-like today at the zoo. Isn't
this a nice moment?'
 'Yes.'
 'That's one thing Earthlings might learn to do, if they tried hard enough: Ignore the
awful times, and concentrate on the good ones.'
 'Um,' said Billy Pilgrim.
 Shortly after he went to sleep that night, Billy traveled in time to another moment
which was quite nice, his wedding night with the former Valencia Merble. He had been
out of the veterans' hospital for six months. He was all well. He had graduated from the
Ilium School of Optometry-third in his class of forty-seven.
 Now he was in bed with Valencia in a delightful studio apartment which was built on
the end of a wharf on Cape Ann, Massachusetts. Across the water were the lights of
Gloucester. Billy was on top of Valencia, making love to her. One result of this act
would be the birth of Robert Pilgrim, who would become a problem in high school, but
who would then straighten out as a member of the famous Green Berets.
 Valencia wasn't a time-traveler, but she did have a lively imagination. While Billy was
making love to her, she imagined that she was a famous woman in history. She was being
Queen Elizabeth the First of England, and Billy was supposedly Christopher Columbus.
 Billy made a noise like a small, rusty hinge. He had just emptied his seminal vesicles
into Valencia, had contributed his share of the Green Beret. According to the
Tralfamadorians, of course, the Green Beret would have seven parents in all.
 Now he rolled off his huge wife, whose rapt expression did not change when he
departed. He lay with the buttons of his spine along the edge of the mattress, folded his
hands behind his head. He was rich now. He had been rewarded for marrying a girl
nobody in his right mind would have married. His father-in-law had given him a new
Buick Roadmaster, an all-electric home, and had made him manager of his most
prosperous office, his Ilium office, where Billy could expect to make at least thirty
thousand dollars a year. That was good. His father had been only a barber.
 As his mother said, "The Pilgrims are coming up in the world,'
 The honeymoon was taking place in the bittersweet mysteries of Indian summer in
New England. The lovers' apartment had one romantic wall which was all French doors.
They opened onto a balcony and the oily harbor beyond.
 A green and orange dragger, black in the night, grumbled and drummed past their
balcony, not thirty feet from their wedding bed. It was going to sea with only its running
lights on. Its empty holds were resonant, made the song of the engines rich and loud.
The wharf began to sing the same song, and then the honeymooners' headboard sang, too.
And it continued to sing long after the dragger was gone.
 'Thank you,' said Valencia at last. The headboard was singing a mosquito song.
 'You're welcome.'
 'It was nice.'
 'I'm glad.'
 Then she began to cry.
 'What's the matter?'
 'I'm so happy.'
 'Good.'
 'I never thought anybody would marry me.'
 'Um,' said Billy Pilgrim.
 'I'm going to lose weight for you,' she said.
 'What?'
 'I'm going to go on a diet. I'm going to become beautiful for you.'
 'I like you just the way you are.'
 'Do you really?'
 'Really,' said Billy Pilgrim. He had already seen a lot of their marriage, thanks to timetravel,
knew that it was going to be at least bearable all the way.
 A great motor yacht named the Scheherezade now slid past the marriage bed. The
song its engines sang was a very low organ note. All her lights were on.
 Two beautiful people, a young man and a young woman in evening clothes, were at the
rail at the stem, loving each other and their dreams and the wake. They were
honeymooning, too. They were Lance Rumfoord, of Newport, Rhode Island, and his
bride, the former Cynthia Landry., who had been a childhood sweetheart of John F.
Kennedy in Hyannis Port, Massachusetts.
 There was a slight coincidence here. Billy Pilgrim would later share a hospital room
with Rumfoord's uncle, Professor Bertram Copeland Rumfoord of Harvard, official
Historian of the United States Air Force.
 When the beautiful people were past, Valencia questioned her funny-looking husband
about war. It was a simple-minded thing for a female Earthling to do, to associate sex
and glamor with war.
 'Do you ever think about the war?' she said, laying a hand on his thigh.
 'Sometimes,' said Billy Pilgrim.
 'I look at you sometimes,' said Valencia, 'and I get a funny feeling that you're full of
secrets.'
 'I'm not,' said Billy. This was a lie, of course. He hadn't told anybody about all the
time traveling he'd done, about Tralfamadore and so on.
 'You must have secrets about the war. Or, not secrets, I guess, but things you don't
want to talk about.'
 'No.'
 'I'm proud you were a soldier. Do you know that?'
 'Good.'
 'Was it awful?'
 'Sometimes.' A crazy thought now occurred to Billy. The truth of it startled him. It
would make a good epitaph for Billy Pilgrim-and for me, too.
 'Would you talk about the war now, if I wanted you to?' said Valencia. In a tiny cavity
in her great body she was assembling the materials for a Green Beret.
 'It would sound like a dream,' said Billy. 'Other people's dreams aren't very interesting
usually.'
 'I heard you tell Father one time about a German firing squad.' She was referring to the
execution of poor old Edgar Derby.
 'Um.'
 'You had to bury him? '
 'Yes.'
 Did he see you with your shovels before he was shot?'
 'Yes.'
 'Did he say anything?'
 'No.'
 'Was he scared?'
 'They had him doped up. He was sort of glassy-eyed.'
 And they pinned a target to him?'
 A piece of paper,' said Billy. He got out of bed, said, 'Excuse me,' went to the darkness
of the bathroom to take a leak. He groped for the light, realized as he felt the rough wall
that he had traveled back to 1944, to the prison hospital again.
 The candle in the hospital had gone out. Poor old Edgar Derby had fallen asleep on the
cot next to Billy's. Billy was out of bed, groping along a wall, trying to find a way out
because he had to take a leak so badly.
 He suddenly found a door, which opened, let him reel out into the prison night. Billy
was loony with time-travel and morphine. He delivered himself to a barbed-wire fence
which snagged him in a dozen places. Billy tried to back away from it but the barbs
wouldn't let go. So Billy did a silly little dance with the fence, taking a step this way,
then that way, then returning to the beginning again.
 A Russian, himself out in the night to take a leak, saw Billy dancing-from the other
side of the fence. He came over to the curious scarecrow, tried to talk with it gently,
asked it what country it was from. The scarecrow paid no attention, went on dancing. So
the Russian undid the snags one by one, and the scarecrow danced off into the night again
without a word of thanks.
 The Russian waved to him, and called after him in Russian, 'Good-bye.'
 Billy took his pecker out, there in the prison night, and peed and peed on the ground.
Then he put it away again, more or less, and contemplated a new problem: Where had he
come from, and where should he go now?
 Somewhere in the night there were cries of grief. With nothing better to do, Billy
shuffled in their direction. He wondered what tragedy so many had found to lament out
of doors.
 Billy was approaching, without knowing it, the back of the latrine. It consisted of a
one-rail fence with twelve buckets underneath it. The fence was sheltered on three sides
by a screen of scrap lumber and flattened tin cans. The open side faced the black tarpaper
wall of the shed where the feast had, taken place.
 Billy moved along the screen and reached a point where he could see a message
freshly painted on the tarpaper wall. The words were written with the same pink paint
which had brightened the set for Cinderella. Billy's perceptions were so unreliable that
he saw the words as hanging in air, painted on a transparent curtain, perhaps. And there
were lovely silver dots on the curtain, too. These were really nailheads holding the
tarpaper to the shed. Billy could not imagine how the curtain was supported in
nothingness, and he supposed that the magic curtain and the theatrical grief were part of
some religious ceremony he knew nothing about.
 Here is what the message said:
PLEASE LEAVE
THIS LATRINE AS
TIDY AS YOU
FOUND IT!
 Billy looked inside the latrine. The wailing was coming from in there. The place was
crammed with Americans who had taken their pants down. The welcome feast had made
them as sick as volcanoes. The buckets were full or had been kicked over.
 An American near Billy wailed that he had excreted everything but his brains.
Moments later he said, 'There they go, there they go.' He meant his brains.
 That was I. That was me. That was the author of this book.
 Billy reeled away from his vision of Hell. He passed three Englishmen who were
watching the excrement festival from a distance. They were catatonic with disgust.
 'Button your pants!' said one as Billy went by.
So Billy buttoned his pants. He came to the door of the little hospital by accident. He
went through the door, and found himself honeymooning again, going from the bathroom
back to bed with his bride on Cape Ann.
 'I missed you' said Valencia.
 'I missed you,' said Billy Pilgrim.
 Billy and Valencia went to sleep nestled like spoons, and Billy traveled in time back to
the train ride he had taken in 194 4 from maneuvers in South Carolina to his father's
funeral in Ilium. He hadn't seen Europe or combat yet. This was still in the days of steam
locomotives.
 Billy had to change trains a lot. All the trains were slow. The coaches stunk of coal
smoke and rationed tobacco and rationed booze and the farts of people eating wartime
food. The upholstery of the iron seats was bristly, and Billy couldn't sleep much. He got
to sleep soundly when he was only three hours from Ilium, with his legs splayed toward
the entrance of the busy dining car.
 The porter woke him up when the train reached Ilium. Billy staggered off with his
duffel bag, and then he stood on the station platform next to the porter, trying to wake up.
 'Have a good nap, did you?' said the porter.
 'Yes,' said Billy.
 'Man,' said the porter, 'you sure had a hard-on.'
 At three in the morning on Bill's morphine night in prison, a new patient was carried
into the hospital by two lusty Englishmen. He was tiny. He was Paul Lazzaro, the polkadotted
car thief from Cicero, Illinois. He had been caught stealing cigarettes from under
the pillow of an Englishman. The Englishman, half asleep, had broken Lazzaro's right
arm and knocked him unconscious.
 The Englishman who had done this was helping to carry Lazzaro in now. He had fiery
red hair and no eyebrows. He had been Cinderella's Blue Fairy Godmother in the play.
Now he supported his half of Lazzaro with one hand while he closed the door behind
himself with the other. 'Doesn't weigh as much as a chicken,' he said.
 The Englishman with Lazzaro's feet was the colonel who had given Billy his knock-out
shot.
 The Blue Fairy Godmother was embarrassed, and angry, too. 'If I'd known I was
fighting a chicken,' he said, 'I wouldn't have fought so hard.'
 'Um.'
 The Blue Fairy Godmother spoke frankly about how disgusting all the Americans
were. 'Weak, smelly, self-pitying-a pack of sniveling, dirty, thieving bastards,' he said.
'They're worse than the bleeding Russians.'
 'Do seem a scruffy lot,' the colonel agreed.
 A German major came in now. He considered the Englishmen as close friends. He
visited them nearly every day, played games with them, lectured to them on German
history, played their piano, gave them lessons in conversational German. He told them
often that, if it weren't for their civilized company, he would go mad. His English was
splendid.
 He was apologetic about the Englishmen's having to put up with the American enlisted
men. He promised them that they would not be inconvenienced for more than a day or
two, that the Americans would soon be shipped to Dresden as contract labor. He had a
monograph with him, published by the German Association of Prison Officials. It was a
report on the behavior in Germany of American enlisted men as prisoners of war. It was
written by a former American who had risen high in the German Ministry of Propaganda.
His name was Howard W. Campbell, Jr. He would later hang himself while awaiting trial
as a war criminal.
 So it goes.
 While the British colonel set Lazzaro's broken arm and mixed plaster for the cast, the
German major translated out loud passages from Howard W. Campbell, Jr.'s monograph.
Campbell had been a fairly well-known playwright at one time. His opening line was this
one:
 America is the wealthiest nation on Earth, but its people are mainly poor, and poor
Americans are urged to hate themselves. To quote the American humorist Kin Hubbard,
'It ain't no disgrace to be poor, but might as well be.' It is in fact a crime for an American
to be poor, even though America is a nation of poor. Every other nation has folk
traditions of men who were poor but extremely wise and virtuous, and therefore more
estimable than anyone with power and gold. No such tales are told by the American
poor. They mock themselves and glorify their betters. The meanest eating or drinking
establishment, owned by a man who is himself poor, is very likely to have a sign on its
wall asking this cruel question: 'If you're so smart, why ain't you rich? ' There will also
be an American flag no larger than a child's hand-glued to a lollipop stick and, flying
from the cash register.
 The author of the monograph, a native of Schenectady, New York, was said by some to
have had the highest I.Q. of all the war criminals who were made to face a death by
hanging. So it goes.
 Americans, like human beings everywhere, believe many things that are obviously
untrue, the monograph went on. Their most destructive untruth is that it is very easy for
any American to make money. They will not acknowledge how in fact hard money is to
come by, and, therefore, those who have no money blame and blame and blame
themselves. This inward blame has been a treasure for the rich and powerful, who have
had to do less for their poor, publicly and privately, than any other ruling class since,
say, Napoleonic times.
 Many novelties have come from America. The most startling of these, a thing without
precedent, is a mass of undignified poor. They do not love one another because they do
not love themselves. Once this is understood the disagreeable behavior of American
enlisted men in German prisons ceases to be a mystery.
 Howard W. Cambell, Jr., now discussed the uniform of the American enlisted in the
Second World War: Every other army in history, prosperous or not, has attempted to
clothe even its lowliest soldiers so as to make them impressive to themselves and others
as stylish experts in drinking and copulation and looting and sudden death. The
American Army, however, sends its enlisted men out to fight and die in a modified
business suit quite evidently made for another man, a sterilized but unpressed gift from a
nose-holding charity which passes out clothing to drunks in the slums.
 When a dashingly-clad officer addresses such a frumpishly dressed bum, he scolds
him, as an officer in an army must. But the officer's contempt is not, as in other armies,
avuncular theatricality. It is a genuine expression of hatred for the poor, who have no
one to blame for their misery but themselves.
 A prison administrator dealing with captured American enlisted men for the first time
should be warned: Expect no brotherly love, even between brothers. There will be no
cohesion between the individuals. Each will be a sulky child who often wishes he were
dead.
 Campbell told what the German experience with captured American enlisted men had
been. They were known everywhere to be the most self-pitying, least fraternal and dirtiest
of all prisoners of war, said Campbell. They were incapable of concerted action on their
own behalf. They despised any leader from among their own number, refused to follow
or even listen to him, on the grounds that he was no better than they were, that he should
stop putting on airs.
 And so on. Billy Pilgrim went to sleep, woke up as a widower in his empty home in
Ilium. His daughter Barbara was reproaching him for writing ridiculous letters to the
newspapers.
 'Did you hear what I said?' Barbara inquired. It was 1968 again.
 'Of course.' He had been dozing.
 'If you're going to act like a child, maybe we'll just have to treat you like a child.'
 'That isn't what happens next,' said Billy.
 'We'll see what happens next.' Big Barbara now embraced herself. 'It's awfully cold in
here. Is the heat on?'
 'The heat? '
 'The furnace-the thing in the basement, the thing that makes hot air that comes out of
these registers. I don't think it's working.'
 'Maybe not.'
 'Aren't you cold?'
 'I hadn't noticed.'
 'Oh my God, you are a child. If we leave you alone here, you'll freeze to death, you'll
starve to death.' And so on. It was very exciting for her, taking his dignity away in the
name of love.
 Barbara called the oil-burner man, and she made Billy go to bed, made him promise to
stay under the electric blanket until the heat came on. She set the control of the blanket at
the highest notch, which soon made Billy's bed hot enough to bake bread in.
 When Barbara left, slamming the door behind her, Billy traveled in time to the zoo on
Tralfamadore again. A mate has just been brought to him from Earth. She was Montana
Wildhack, a motion picture star.
 Montana was under heavy sedation. Tralfamadorians wearing gas masks brought her
in, put her on Billy's yellow lounge chair; withdrew through his airlock. The vast crowd
outside was delighted. All attendance records for the zoo were broken. Everybody on the
planet wanted to see the Earthlings mate.
 Montana was naked, and so was Billy, of course. He had a tremendous wang,
incidentally. You never know who'll get one.
 Now she fluttered her eyelids. Her lashes were like buggy whips. 'Where am I?' she
said.
 'Everything is all right,' said Billy gently. 'Please don't be afraid.
 Montana had been unconscious during her trip from Earth. The Tralfamadorians
hadn't talked to her, hadn't shown themselves to her. The last thing she remembered was
sunning herself by a swimming pool in Palm Springs, California. Montana was only
twenty years old. Around her neck was a silver chain with a heart-shaped locket hanging
from it--between her breasts.
 Now she turned her head to see the myriads of Tralfamadorians outside the dome.
They were applauding her by opening and closing their little green hands quickly.
 Montana screamed and screamed.
 All the little green hands closed fight, because Montana's terror was so unpleasant to
see. The head zoo keeper ordered a crane operator, who was standing by, to drop a navy
blue canopy over the dome, thus simulating Earthling night inside. Real night came to the
zoo for only one Earthling hour out of every sixty-two.
 Billy switched on a floor lamp. The light from the single source threw the baroque
detailing of Montana's body into sharp relief. Billy was reminded of fantastic architecture
in Dresden, before it was bombed.
 In time, Montana came to love and trust Billy Pilgrim. He did not touch her until she
made it clear that she wanted him to. After she had been on Tralfamadore for what would
have been an Earthling week, she asked him shyly if he wouldn't sleep with her. Which
he did. It was heavenly.
 And Billy traveled in time from that delightful bed to a bed in 1968. It was his bed in
Ilium, and the electric blanket was turned up high. He was drenched in sweat,
remembered groggily that his daughter had put him to bed, had told him to stay there
until the oil burner was repaired.
 Somebody was knocking on his bedroom door.
 'Yes?' said Billy.
 'Oil-burner man.'
 'Yes?'
 'Its running good now. Heat's coming up.'
 'Good.'
 'Mouse ate through a wire from the thermostat'
 'I'll be darned.'
 Billy sniffed. His hot bed smelled like a mushroom cellar. He had had a wet dream
about Montana Wildhack.
 On the morning after that wet dream, Billy decided to go back to work in his office in
the shopping plaza. Business was booming as usual. His assistants were keeping up with
it nicely. They were startled to see him. They had been told by his daughter that he might
never practice again.
 But Billy went into his examining room briskly, asked that the first patient be sent in.
So they sent him one-a twelve-year old boy who was accompanied by his-widowed
mother. They were strangers, new in town. Billy asked them a little about themselves,
learned that the boy's father had been killed in Vietnam-in the famous five-day battle for
Hill 875 near Dakto. So it goes.
 While he examined the boy's eyes, Billy told him matter-of-factly about his adventures
on Tralfamadore, assured the fatherless boy that his father was very much alive still in
moments the boy would see again and again.
 'Isn't that comforting?' Billy asked.
 And somewhere in there, the boy's mother went out and told the receptionist that Billy
was evidently going crazy. Billy was taken home. His daughter asked him again, 'Father,
Father, Father-what are we going to do with you?'
Six
Listen:
 Billy Pilgrim says he went to Dresden Germany, on the day after his morphine night in
the British compound in the center of the extermination camp for Russian prisoners of
war. Billy woke up at dawn on that day in January. There were no windows in the little
hospital, and the ghostly candles had gone out. So the only light came from pin-prick
holes in the walls, and from a sketchy rectangle that outlined the imperfectly fitted door.
Little Paul Lazzaro, with a broken arm, snored on one bed. Edgar Derby, the high school
teacher who would eventually he shot, snored on another.
 Billy sat up in bed. He had no idea what year it was or what planet he was on.
Whatever the planet's name was, it was cold. But it wasn't the cold that had awakened
Billy. It was animal magnetism which was making him shiver and itch. It gave him
profound aches in his musculature, as though he had been exercising hard.
 The animal magnetism was coming from behind him. If Billy had had to guess as to
the source, he would have said that there was a vampire bat hanging upside down on the
wall behind him.
 Billy moved down toward the foot of his cot before turning to look at whatever it was.
He didn't want the animal to drop into his face and maybe claw his eyes out or bite off his
big nose. Then he turned. The source of the magnetism really did resemble a bat. It was
Billy's impresario's coat with the fur collar. It was hanging from a nail.
 Billy now backed toward it again, looking at it over his shoulder, feeling the
magnetism increase. Then he faced it, kneeling on his cot, dared to touch it here and
there. He was seeking the exact source of the radiations.
 He found two small sources, two lumps an inch apart and hidden in the lining. One was
shaped like a pea. The other was shaped like a tiny horseshoe. Billy received a message
carried by the radiations. He was told not to find out what the lumps were. He was
advised to be content with knowing that they could work miracles for him, provided he
did not insist on learning their nature. That was all right with Billy Pilgrim. He was
grateful. He was glad.
 Billy dozed, awakened in the prison hospital again. The sun was high. Outside were
Golgotha sounds of strong men digging holes for upright timbers in hard, hard ground.
Englishmen were building themselves a new latrine. They had abandoned their old latrine
to the Americans and their theater, the place where the feast had been held, too.
 Six Englishmen staggered through a hospital with a pool table on which several
mattresses were piled. They were transferring it to living quarters attached to the hospital.
They were followed by an Englishman dragging his mattress and carrying a dartboard.
 The man with the dartboard was the Blue Fairy Godmother who had injured little Paul
Lazzaro. He stopped by Lazzaro's bed, asked Lazzaro how he was.
 Lazzaro told him he was going to have him killed after the war.
 'Oh? '
 'You made a big mistake,' said Lazzaro. 'Anybody touches me, he better kill me, or I'm
gonna have him killed.'
 The Blue Fairy Godmother knew something about killing. He gave Lazzaro a careful
smile. 'There is still time for me to kill you,' he said, 'if you really persuade me that it's the
sensible thing to do.'
 'Why don't you go fuck yourself?'
 'Don't think I haven't tried,' the Blue Fairy Godmother answered.
 The Blue Fairy Godmother left, amused and patronizing. When he was gone, Lazzaro
promised Billy and poor old Edgar Derby that he was going to have revenge, and that
revenge was sweet.
 'It's the sweetest thing there is,' said Lazzaro. 'People fuck with me,' he said, 'and Jesus
Christ are they ever fucking sorry. I laugh like hell. I don't care if it's a guy or a dame. If
the President of the United States fucked around with me, I'd fix him good. You should
have seen what I did to a dog one time.'
 'A dog?' said Billy.
 'Son of a bitch bit me. So I got me some steak, and I got me the spring out of a clock. I
cut that spring up in little pieces. I put points on the ends of the pieces. They were sharp
as razor blades. I stuck 'em into the steak-way inside. And I went past where they had the
dog tied up. He wanted to bite me again. I said to him, "Come on, doggie-let's be friends.
Let's not be enemies any more. I'm not mad." He believed me.'
 'He did?'
 'I threw him the steak. He swallowed it down in one big gulp. I waited around for ten
minutes.' Now Lazzaro's eyes twinkled. 'Blood started coming out of his mouth. He
started crying, and he rolled on the ground, as though the knives were on the outside of
him instead of on the inside of him. Then he tried to bite out his own insides. I laughed,
and I said to him, "You got the right idea now. Tear your own guts out, boy. That's me in
there with all those knives."' So it goes.
 'Anybody ever asks you what the sweetest thing in life is-' said Lazzaro, 'it's revenge.'
 When Dresden was destroyed later on, incidentally, Lazzaro did not exult. He didn't
have anything against the Germans, he said. Also, he said he liked to take his enemies
one at a time. He was proud of never having hurt an innocent bystander. 'Nobody ever
got it from Lazzaro,' he said, 'who didn't have it coming.'
 Poor old Edgar Derby, the high school teacher, got into the conversation now. He
asked Lazzaro if he planned to feed the Blue Fairy Godmother clock springs and steak.
 'Shit,' said Lazzaro.
 'He's a pretty big man,' said Derby, who, of course, was a pretty big man himself.
 'Size don't mean a thing.'
 'You're going to shoot him?'
 'I'm gonna have him shot,' said Lazzaro. 'He'll get home after the war. He'll be a big
hero. The dames'll be climbing all over him. He'll settle down. A couple of years'll go by.
And then one day there'll be a knock on his door. He'll answer the door, and there'll be a
stranger out there. The stranger'll ask him if he's so-and-so. When he says he is, the
stranger'll say, "Paul Lazzaro sent me." And he'll pull out a gun and shoot his pecker off.
The stranger'll let him think a couple of seconds about who Paul Lazzaro is and what
life's gonna be like without a pecker. Then he'll shoot him once in the guts and walk
away.' So it goes.
 Lazzaro said that he could have anybody in the world killed for a thousand dollars plus
traveling expenses. He had a list in his head, he said.
 Derby asked him who all was on the list, and Lazzaro said, 'Just make fucking sure you
don't get on it. Just don't cross me, that's all.' There was a silence, and then he added,
'And don't cross my friends.'
 'You have friends?' Derby wanted to know.
 'In the war?' said Lazzaro. 'Yeah-I had a friend in the war. He's dead.' So it goes.
 'That's too bad.'
 Lazzaro's eyes were twinkling again. 'Yeah. He was my buddy on the boxcar. His
name was Roland Weary. He died in my arms.' Now he pointed to Billy with his one
mobile hand. 'He died on account of this silly cocksucker here. So I promised him
I'd have this silly cocksucker shot after the war.'
 Lazzaro erased with his hand anything Billy Pilgrim might be about to say. 'Just forget
about it, kid,' he said. 'Enjoy life while you can. Nothing's gonna happen for maybe five,
ten, fifteen, twenty years. But lemme give you a piece of advice: Whenever the doorbell
rings, have somebody else answer the door.'
 Billy Pilgrim says now that this really is the way he is going to die, too. As a timetraveler,
he has seen his own death many times, has described it to a tape recorder. The
tape is locked up with his will and some other valuables in his safe-deposit box at the
Ilium Merchants National Bank and Trust, he says.
 I, Billy Pilgrim, the tape begins, will die, have died and always will die on February
thirteenth, 1976.
 At the time of his death, he says, he is in Chicago to address a large crowd on the
subject of flying saucers and the true nature of time. His home is still in Ilium. He has had
to cross three international boundaries in order to reach Chicago. The United States of
America has been Balkanized, has been divided into twenty petty nations so that it will
never again be a threat to world peace. Chicago has been hydrogen-bombed by Angry
Chinamen. So it goes. It is all brand new.
 Billy is speaking before a capacity audience in a baseball park, which is covered by a
geodesic dome. The flag of the country is behind him. It is a Hereford Bull on a field of
green. Billy predicts his own death within an hour. He laughed about it, invites the crowd
to laugh with him. 'It is high time I was dead..' he says. 'Many years ago.' he said, 'a
certain man promised to have me killed. He is an old man now, living not far from here.
He has read all the publicity associated with my appearance in your fair city. He is
insane. Tonight he will keep his promise.'
 There are protests from the crowd.
 Billy Pilgrim rebukes them. 'If you protest, if you think that death is a terrible thing,
then you have not understood a word I've said.' Now he closes his speech as he closes
every speech with these words: 'Farewell, hello, farewell, hello.'
 There are police around him as he leaves the stage. They are there to protect him from
the crush of popularity. No threats on his life have been made since 1945. The police
offer to stay with him. They are floridly willing to stand in a circle around him all night,
with their zap guns drawn.
 'No, no,' says Billy serenely. 'It is time for you to go home to your wives and children,
and it is time for me to be dead for a little while-and then live again.' At that moment,
Billy's high forehead is in the cross hairs of a high-powered laser gun. It is aimed at him
from the darkened press box. In the next moment, Billy Pilgrim is dead. So it goes.
 So Billy experiences death for a while. It is simply violet light and a hum. There isn't
anybody else there. Not even Billy Pilgrim is there.
 Then he swings back into life again, all the way back to an hour after his life was
threatened by Lazzaro-in 1945. He has been told to get out of his hospital bed and dress,
that he is well. He and Lazzaro and poor old Edgar Derby are to join their fellows in the
theater. There they will choose a leader for themselves by secret ballot in a free election.
 Billy and Lazzaro and poor old Edgar Derby crossed the prison yard to the theater
now. Billy was carrying his little coat as though it were a lady's muff. It was wrapped
around and round his hands. He was the central clown in an unconscious travesty of that
famous oil painting, 'The Spirit of '76.'
 Edgar Derby was writing letters home in his head, telling his Wife that he was alive
and well, that she shouldn't worry, that the war was. Nearly over, that he would soon be
home.
 Lazzaro was talking to himself about people he was going to have killed after the war,
and rackets he was going to work, and women he was going to make fuck him, whether
they wanted to or not. If he had been a dog in a city, a policeman would have shot him
and sent his head to a laboratory, to see if he had rabies. So it goes.
 As they neared the theater, they came upon an Englishman who was hacking a groove
in the Earth with the heel of his boot. He was marking the boundary between the
American and English sections of the compound. Billy and Lazzaro and Derby didn't
have to ask what the line meant. It was a familiar symbol from childhood.
 The theater was paved with American bodies that nestled like spoons. Most of the
Americans were in stupors or asleep. Their guts were fluttering, dry.
 'Close the fucking door,' somebody said to Billy. 'Were you born I'm a barn?'
 Billy closed it, took a hand from his muff, touched a stove. It was as cold as ice. The
stage was still set for Cinderella. Azure curtains hung from the arches which were
shocking pink. There were golden thrones and the dummy clock, whose hands were set at
midnight. Cinderella's slippers, which were a man's boots painted silver, were capsized
side by side under a golden throne.
 Billy and poor old Edgar Derby and Lazzaro had been in the hospital when the British
passed out blankets and mattresses, so they had none. They had to improvise. The only
space open to them was up on the stage, and they went up there, pulled the azure curtains
down, made nests.
 Billy, curled in his azure nest, found himself staring at Cinderella's silver boots under a
throne. And then he remembered that his shoes were ruined, that he needed boots. He
hated to get out of his nest, but he forced himself to do it. He crawled to the boots on all
fours, sat, tried them on.
 The boots fit perfectly. Billy Pilgrim was Cinderella, and Cinderella was Billy Pilgrim.
 Somewhere in there was a lecture on personal hygiene by the head Englishman, and
then a free election. At least half the Americans went on snoozing through it all. The
Englishman' got up on the stage, and he rapped on the arm of a throne with a swagger
stick, called, 'Lads, lads, lad I have your attention, please?' And so on.
 What the Englishman said about survival was this 'If you stop taking pride in your
appearance, you will very soon die.' He said that he had seen several men die in the
following way: They ceased to stand up straight, then ceased to shave or wash, then
ceased to get out of bed, then ceased to talk, then died. There is this much to be said for
it: it is evidently a very easy and painless way to go.' So it goes.
 The Englishman said that he, when captured, had made and kept the following vows to
himself: To brush his teeth twice a day, to shave once a day, to wash his face and hands
before every meal and after going to the latrine, to polish his shoes once a day, to
exercise for at least half an hour each morning and then move his bowels, and to look into
a mirror frequently, frankly evaluating his appearance, particularly with respect to
posture.
 Billy Pilgrim heard all this while lying in his nest. He looked not at the Englishman's
face but his ankles.
 'I envy you lads,' said the Englishman.
 Somebody laughed. Billy wondered what the joke was.
 'You lads are leaving this afternoon for Dresden-a beautiful city, I'm told. You won't be
cooped up like us. You'll be out where the life is, and the food is certain to be more
plentiful than here. If I may inject a personal note: It has been five years now since I have
seen a tree or flower or woman or child-or a dog or a cat or a place of entertainment, or a
human being doing useful work of any kind.
 'You needn't worry about bombs, by the way. Dresden is an open city. It is undefended,
and contains no war industries or troop concentrations of any importance.'
 Somewhere in there, old Edgar Derby was elected head American. The Englishman
called for nominations from the floor, and there weren't any. So he nominated Derby,
praising him for his maturity and long experience in dealing with people. There were no
further nominations, so the nominations were closed.
 'All in favor?'
 Two or three people said, 'Aye.'
 Then poor old Derby made a speech. He thanked the Englishman for his good advice,
said he meant to follow it exactly. He said he was sure that all the other Americans would
do the mm. He said that his primary responsibility now was to make damn well sure that
everybody got home safely.
 'Go take a flying fuck at a rolling doughnut,' murmured Paul Lazzaro in his azure nest.
'Go take a flying fuck at the moon.'
 The temperature climbed startlingly that day. The noontime was balmy. The Germans
brought soup and bread in two-wheeled carts which were pulled by Russians. The
Englishmen sent over real coffee and sugar and marmalade and cigarettes and cigars, and
the doors of the theater were left open, so the warmth could get in.
 The Americans began to feel much better. They were able to hold their food. And then
it was time to go to Dresden. The Americans marched fairly stylishly out of the British
compound. Billy Pilgrim again led the parade. He had silver boots now, and a muff, and a
piece of azure curtain which he wore like a toga. Billy still had a beard. So did poor old
Edgar Derby, who was beside him. Derby was imagining letters to home, his lips
working tremulously.
 Dear Margaret-We are leaving for Dresden today. Don't worry. It will never be
bombed. It is an open city. There was an election at noon, and guess what? And so on.
 They came to the prison railroad yard again. They had arrived on only two cars. They
would depart far more comfortably on four. They saw the dead hobo again. He was
frozen stiff in the weeds beside the track. He was in a fetal position, trying even in death
to nestle like a spoon with others. There were no others now. He was nestling within thin
air and cinders. Somebody had taken his boots. His bare feet were blue and ivory. It was
all right, somehow, his being dead. So it goes.
 The trip to Dresden was a lark. It took only two hours. Shriveled little bellies were full.
Sunlight and cold air came in through the ventilators. There were plenty of smokes from
the Englishmen.
 The Americans arrived in Dresden at five in the afternoon. The boxcar doors were
opened, and the doorways framed the loveliest city that most of the Americans had ever
seen. The skyline was intricate and voluptuous and enchanted and absurd. It looked like a
Sunday school picture of Heaven to Billy Pilgrim.
 Somebody behind him in the boxcar said, 'Oz.' That was I. That was me. The only
other city I'd ever seen was Indianapolis, Indiana.
 Every other big city in Germany had been bombed and burned ferociously. Dresden
had not suffered so much as a cracked windowpane. Sirens went off every day, screamed
like hell, and people went down into cellars and listened to radios there. The planes were
always bound for someplace else-Leipzig, Chemnitz, Plauen, places like that. So it goes.
 Steam radiators still whistled cheerily in Dresden. Street-cars clanged. Telephones rang
and were answered. Lights went on and off when switches were clicked. There were
theaters and restaurants. There was a zoo. The principal enterprises of the city were
medicine and food-processing and the making of cigarettes.
 People were going home from work now in the late afternoon. They were tired.
 Eight Dresdeners crossed the steel spaghetti of the railroad yard. They were wearing
new uniforms. They had been sworn into the army the day before. They were boys and
men past middle age, and two veterans who had been shot to pieces in Russia. Their
assignment was to guard one hundred American prisoners of war, who would work as
contract labor. A grandfather and his grandson were in the squad. The grandfather was an
architect.
 The eight were grim as they approached the boxcars containing their wards. They
knew what sick and foolish soldiers they themselves appeared to be. One of them actually
had an artificial leg, and carried not only a loaded rifle but a cane. Still they were
expected to earn obedience and respect from tall cocky, murderous American
infantrymen who had just come from all the killing of the front.
 And then they saw bearded Billy Pilgrim in his blue toga and silver shoes, with his
hands in a muff. He looked at least sixty years old. Next to Billy was little Paul Lazzaro
with a broken arm. He was fizzing with rabies. Next to Lazzaro was the poor old high
school teacher, Edgar Derby, mournfully pregnant with patriotism and middle age and
imaginary wisdom. And so on.
 The eight ridiculous Dresdeners ascertained that these hundred ridiculous creatures
really were American fighting men fresh from the front. They smiled, and then they
laughed. Their terror evaporated. There was nothing to be afraid of. Here were more
crippled human beings, more fools like themselves. Here was light opera.
 So out of the gate of the railroad yard and into the streets of Dresden marched the light
opera. Billy Pilgrim was the star. He led the parade. Thousands of people were on the
sidewalks, going home from work. They were watery and putty-colored, having eaten
mostly potatoes during the past two years. They had expected no blessings beyond the
mildness of the day. Suddenly-here was fun.
 Billy did not meet many of the eyes that found him so entertaining. He was enchanted
by the architecture of the city. Merry amoretti wove garlands above windows. Roguish
fauns and naked nymphs peeked down at Billy from festooned cornices. Stone monkeys
frisked among scrolls and seashells and bamboo.
 Billy, with his memories of the future, knew that the city would be smashed to
smithereens and then burned-in about thirty more days. He knew, too, that most of the
people watching him would soon be dead. So it goes.
 And Billy worked his hands in his muff as he marched. His fingertips, working there in
the hot darkness of the muff, wanted to know what the two lumps in the lining of the little
impresario's coat were. The fingertips got inside the lining. They palpated the lumps, the
pea-shaped thing and the horseshoe-shaped thing. The parade had to halt by a busy
corner. The traffic light was red.
 There at the corner, in the front rank of pedestrians, was a surgeon who had been
operating all day. He was a civilian, but his posture was military. He had served in two
world wars. The sight of Billy offended him, especially after he learned from the guards
that Billy was an American. It seemed to Wm that Billy was in abominable taste,
supposed that Billy had gone to a lot of silly trouble to costume himself just so.
 The surgeon spoke English, and he said to Billy, 'I take it you find war a very comical
thing.'
 Billy looked at him vaguely. Billy had lost track momentarily of where he was or how
he had gotten there. He had no idea that people thought he was clowning. It was Fate, of
course, which had costumed him-Fate, and a feeble will to survive.
 'Did you expect us to laugh?' the surgeon asked him.
 The surgeon was demanding some sort of satisfaction. Billy was mystified. Billy
wanted to be friendly, to help, if he could, but his resources were meager. His fingers
now held the two objects from the lining of the coat. Billy decided to show the surgeon
what they were.
 'You thought we would enjoy being mocked?' the surgeon said. 'And do you feel proud
to represent America as you do?' Billy withdrew a hand from his muff, held it under the
surgeon's nose. On his palm rested a two-carat diamond and a partial denture. The
denture was an obscene little artifact-silver and pearl and tangerine. Billy smiled.
 The parade pranced, staggered and reeled to the gate of the Dresden slaughterhouse,
and then it went inside. The slaughterhouse wasn't a busy place any more. Almost all the
hooved animals in Germany had been killed and eaten and excreted by human beings,
mostly soldiers. So it goes.
 The Americans were taken to the fifth building inside the gate. It was a one-story
cement-block cube with sliding doors in front and back. It had been built as a shelter for
pigs about to be butchered. Now it was going to serve as a home away from home for one
hundred American prisoners of war. There were bunks in there, and two potbellied stoves
and a water tap. Behind it was a latrine, which was a one-rail fence with buckets under it.
 There was a big number over the door of the building. The number was five. Before
the Americans could go inside, their only English-speaking guard told them to memorize
their simple address, in case they got lost in the big city. Their address was this:
'Schlachthf-funf.' Schlachthf meant slaughterhouse. Funf was good old five.
Seven
Billy Pilgrim got onto a chartered airplane in Ilium twenty-five years after that. He knew
he was going to crash, but he didn't want to make a fool of himself by saying so. It was
supposed to carry Billy and twenty-eight other optometrists to a convention in Montreal.
 His wife, Valencia, was outside, and his father-in-law, Lionel Merble, was strapped to
the seat beside him.
 Lionel Merble was a machine. Tralfamadorians, of course, say that every creature and
plant in the Universe is a machine. It amuses them that so many Earthlings are offended
by the idea of being machines.
 Outside the plane, the machine named Valencia Merble Pilgrim was eating a Peter Paul
Mound Bar and waving bye-bye.
 The plane took off without incident. The moment was structured that way. There was a
barbershop quartet on board. They were optometrists, too. They called themselves 'The
Febs,' which was an acronym for 'Four-eyed Bastards.'
 When the plane was safely aloft, the machine that was Bill's father-in-law asked the
quartet to sing his favorite song. They knew what song he meant, and they sang it, and it
went like this:
 In my prison cell I sit,
 With my britches full of shit,
 And my balls are bouncing gently on the floor.
 And I see the bloody snag
 When she bit me in the bag.
 Oh, I'll never fuck a Polack any more.
 Billy's father-in-law laughed and laughed at that, and he begged the quartet to sing the
other Polish song he liked so much. So they sang a song from the Pennsylvania coal
mines that began:
 Me, and Mike, ve vork in mine.
 Holy shit, ve have good time.
 Vunce a veek ve get our pay.
 Holy shit, no vork next day.
 Speaking of people from Poland: Billy Pilgrim accidentally saw a Pole hanged in
public, about three days after Billy got to Dresden. Billy just happened to be walking to
work with some others shortly after sunrise, and they came to a gallows and a small
crowd in front of a soccer stadium. The Pole was a farm laborer who was being hanged
for having had sexual intercourse with a German woman. So it goes.
 Billy, knowing the plane was going to crash pretty soon, closed his eyes, traveled in
time back to 1944. He was back in the forest in Luxembourg again-with the Three
Musketeers. Roland Weary was shaking him, bonking his head against a tree. 'You guys
go on without me,' said Billy Pilgrim.
 The barbershop quartet on the airplane was singing 'Wait Till the Sun Shines, Nelly,'
when the plane smacked into the top of Sugarbush Mountain in Vermont. Everybody was
killed but Billy and the copilot. So it goes.
 The people who first got to the crash scene were young Austrian ski instructors from
the famous ski resort below. They spoke to each other in German as they went from body
to body. They wore black wind masks with two holes for their eyes and a red topknot.
They looked like golliwogs, like white people pretending to be black for the laughs they
could get.
 Billy had a fractured skull, but he was still conscious. He didn't know where he was.
His lips were working, and one of the golliwogs put his ear close to them to hear what
might be his dying words.
 Billy thought the golliwog had something to do with the Second World War, and he
whispered to him his address: 'Schlachthf-funf.'
 Billy was brought down Sugarbush Mountain on a toboggan. The golliwogs controlled
it with ropes and yodeled melodiously for right-of-way. Near the bottom, the trail
swooped around the pylons of a chair lift. Billy looked up at all the young people in
bright elastic clothing and enormous boots and goggles, bombed out of their skulls with
snow, swinging through the sky in yellow chairs. He supposed that they were part of an
amazing new phase of the Second World War. It was all right with him. Everything was
pretty much all right with Billy.
 He was taken to a small private hospital. A famous brain surgeon came up from Boston
and operated on him for three hours. Billy was unconscious for two days after that, and
he dreamed millions of things, some of them true. The true things were time-travel.
 One of the true things was his first evening in the slaughterhouse. He and poor old
Edgar Derby were pushing an empty two-wheeled cart down a dirt lane between empty
pens for animals. They were going to a communal kitchen for supper for all. They were
guarded by a sixteen-year-old German named Werner Gluck. The axles of the cart were
greased with the fat of dead animals. So it goes.
 The sun had just gone down, and its afterglow was backlighting the city, which formed
low cliffs around the bucolic void to the idle stockyards. The city was blacked out
because bombers might come, so Billy didn't get to see Dresden do one of the most
cheerful things a city is capable of doing when the sun goes down, which is to wink its
lights on one by one.
 There was a broad river to reflect those lights, which would have made their nighttime
winkings very pretty indeed. It was the Elbe.
 Werner Gluck, the young guard, was a Dresden boy. He had never been in the
slaughterhouse before, so he wasn't sure where the kitchen was. He was tall and weak
like Billy, might have been a younger brother of his. They were, in fact, distant cousins,
something they never found out. Gluck was armed with an incredibly heavy musket, a
single-shot museum piece with an octagonal barrel and a smooth bore. He had fixed his
bayonet. It was like a long knitting needle. It had no blood gutters.
 Gluck led the way to a building that he thought might contain the kitchen, and he
opened the sliding doors in its side. There wasn't a kitchen in there, though. There was a
dressing room adjacent to a communal shower, and there was a lot of steam. In the steam
were about thirty teen-age girls with no clothes on. They were German refugees from
Breslau, which had been tremendously bombed. They had just arrived in Dresden, too.
Dresden was jammed with refugees.
 There those girls were with all their private parts bare, for anybody to see. And there in
the doorway were Gluck and Derby and Pilgrim-the childish soldier and the poor old high
school teacher and the clown in his toga and silver shoes-staring. The girls screamed.
They covered themselves with their hands and turned their backs and so on, and made
themselves utterly beautiful.
 Werner Gluck, who had never seen a naked woman before, closed the door. Bill had
never seen one, either. It was nothing new to Derby.
 When the three fools found the communal kitchen, whose main job was to make lunch
for workers in the slaughterhouse, everybody had gone home but one woman who had
been waiting for them impatiently. She was a war widow. So it goes. She had her hat and
coat on. She wanted to go home, too, even though there wasn't anybody there. Her white
gloves were laid out side by side on the zinc counter top.
 She had two big cans of soup for the Americans. It was simmering over low fires on
the gas range. She had stacks of loaves of black bread, too.
 She asked Gluck if he wasn't awfully young to be in the army. He admitted that he
was.
 She asked Edgar Derby if he wasn't awfully old to be in the army. He said he was.
 She asked Billy Pilgrim what he was supposed to be. Billy said he didn't know. He was
just trying to keep warm.
 'All the real soldiers are dead,' she said. It was true. So it goes.
 Another true thing that Billy saw while he was unconscious in Vermont was the work
that he and the others had to do in Dresden during the month before the city was
destroyed. They washed windows and swept floors and cleaned lavatories and put jars
into boxes and sealed cardboard boxes in a factory that made malt syrup. The syrup was
enriched with vitamins and minerals. The syrup was for pregnant women.
 The syrup tasted like thin honey laced with hickory smoke, and everybody who
worked in the factory secretly spooned it all day long. They weren't pregnant, but they
needed vitamins and minerals, too. Billy didn't spoon syrup on his first day at work, but
lots of other Americans did.
 Billy spooned it on his second day. There were spoons hidden all over the factory, on
rafters, in drawers, behind radiators, and so on. They had been hidden in haste by persons
who had been spooning syrup, who had heard somebody else coming. Spooning was a
crime.
 On his second day, Billy was cleaning behind a radiator and he found a spoon. To his
back was a vat of syrup that was cooling. The only other person who could see Billy and
his spoon was poor old Edgar Derby, who was washing a window outside. The spoon
was a tablespoon. Billy thrust it into the vat, turned it around and around, making a gooey
lollipop. He thrust it into his mouth.
 A moment went by, and then every cell in Billy's body shook him with ravenous
gratitude and applause.
 There were diffident raps at the factory window. Derby was out there, having seen all.
He wanted some syrup, too.
 So Billy made a lollipop for him. He opened the window. He stuck the lollipop into
poor old Derby's gaping mouth. A moment passed, and then Derby burst into tears. Billy
closed the window and hid the sticky spoon. Somebody was coming.
Eight
The Americans in the slaughterhouse had a very interesting visitor two days before
Dresden was destroyed. He was Howard W. Campbell, Jr., an American who had become
a Nazi. Campbell was the one who had written the monograph about the shabby behavior
of American prisoners of war. He wasn't doing more research about prisoners now. He
had come to the slaughterhouse to recruit men for a German military unit called 'The Free
American Corps.' Campbell was the inventor and commander of the unit, which was
supposed to fight only on the Russian front.
 Campbell was an ordinary looking man, but he was extravagantly costumed in a
uniform of his own design. He wore a white ten-gallon hat and black cowboy boots
decorated with swastikas and stars. He was sheathed in a blue body stocking which had
yellow stripes running from his armpits to his ankles. His shoulder patch was a silhouette
of Abraham Lincoln's profile on a field of pale green. He had a broad armband which was
red, with a blue swastika in a circle of white.
 He was explaining this armband now in the cement-block hog barn.
 Billy Pilgrim had a boiling case of heartburn, since he had been spooning malt syrup
all day long at work. The heartburn brought tears to his eves, so that his image of
Campbell was distorted by jiggling lenses of salt water.
 'Blue is for the American sky,' Campbell was saying. 'White is for the race that
pioneered the continent, drained the swamps and cleared the forests and built the roads
and bridges. Red is for the blood of American patriots which was shed so gladly in years
gone by.'
 Campbell's audience was sleepy. It had worked hard at the syrup factory, and then it
had marched a long way home in the cold. It was skinny and hollow-eyed. Its skins were
beginning to blossom with small sores. So were its mouths and throats and intestines. The
malt syrup it spooned at the factory contained only a few of the vitamins and minerals
every Earthling needs.
 Campbell offered the Americans food now, steaks and mashed potatoes and gravy and
mince pie, if they would join the Free Corps. 'Once the Russians are defeated,' he went
on, you will be repatriated through Switzerland.'
 There was no response.
 'You're going to have to fight the Communists sooner or later,' said Campbell. "Why
not get it over with now?'
 And then it developed that Campbell was not going to go unanswered after all. Poor
old Derby, the doomed high school teacher, lumbered to his feet for what was probably
the finest moment in his life. 'Mere are almost no characters in this story, and almost no
dramatic confrontations, because most of the people in it are so sick and so much the
listless playthings of enormous forces. One of the main effects of war, after an, is that
people are discouraged from being characters. But old Derby was a character now.
 His stance was that of a punch-drunk fighter. His head was down, his fists were out
front, waiting for information and battle plan. Derby raised his head, called Campbell a
snake. He corrected that. He said that snakes couldn't help being snakes, and that
Campbell, who could help being what he was, was something much lower than a snake or
a rat-or even a blood-filled tick.
 Campbell smiled.
 Derby spoke movingly of the American form of government, with freedom and justice
and opportunities and fair play for all. He said there wasn't a man there who wouldn't
gladly die for those ideals.
 He spoke of the brotherhood between the American and the Russian people, and how
those two nations were going to crush the disease of Nazism, which wanted to infect the
whole world.
 The air-raid sirens of Dresden howled mournfully.
 The Americans and their guards and Campbell took shelter in an echoing meat locker
which was hollowed in living rock under the slaughterhouse. There was an iron staircase
with iron doors at the top and bottom.
 Down in the locker were a few cattle and sheep and pigs, and horses hanging from iron
hooks. So it goes. The locker had empty hooks for thousands more. It was naturally cool.
There was no refrigeration. There was candlelight. The locker was whitewashed and
smelled of carbolic acid. There were benches along a wall. The Americans went to these,
brushing away flakes of whitewash before they sat down.
 Howard W. Campbell. Jr., remained standing, like the guards. He talked to the guards
in excellent German. He had written many popular German plays and poems in his time,
and had married a famous German actress named Resi North. She was dead now, had
been killed while entertaining troops in the Crimea. So it goes.
 Nothing happened that night. It was the next night that about one hundred and thirty
thousand people in Dresden would die. So it goes. Billy dozed in the meat locker. He
found himself engaged again, word for word, gesture for gesture, in the argument with
his daughter with which this tale begun.
 'Father,' she said, 'What are we going to do with you?'
 And so on. 'You know who I could just kill?' she asked.
 'Who could you kill?' said Billy.
 'That Kilgore Trout.'
 Kilgore Trout was and is a science-fiction writer, of course. Billy has not only read
dozens of books by Trout-he has also become a friend of Trout, who is a bitter man.
 Trout lives in a rented basement in Ilium, about two miles from Billy's nice white
home. He himself has no idea how many novels he has written-possibly seventy-five of
the things. Not one of them has made money. So Trout keeps body and soul together as a
circulation man for the Ilium Gazette, manages newspaper delivery boys, bullies and
flatters and cheats little kids.
 Billy met him for the first time in 1964. Billy drove his Cadillac down a back alley in
Ilium and he found his way blocked by dozens of boys and their bicycles. A meeting was
in progress. The boys were harangued by a man in a full beard. He was cowardly and
dangerous, and obviously very good at his job. Trout was sixty-two years old back then.
He was telling the kids to get off their dead butts and get their daily customers to
subscribe to the fucking Sunday edition, too. He said that whoever sold the most Sunday
subscriptions during the next two months would get a free trip for himself and his parents
to Martha's fucking Vineyard for a week, all expenses paid.
 And so on.
 One of the newspaper boys was actually a newspaper girl. She was electrified.
 Trout's paranoid face was terribly familiar to Billy, who had seen it on the jackets of so
many books. But, coming upon that face suddenly in a home-town alley, Billy could not
guess why the face was familiar. Billy thought maybe he had known this cracked messiah
in Dresden somewhere. Trout certainly looked like a prisoner of war.
 And then the newspaper girl held up her hand. 'Mr. Trout,' she said, 'if I win, can I take
my sister, too?'
 'Hell no,' said Kilgore Trout. 'You think money grows on trees?'
 Trout, incidentally, had written a book about a money tree. It had twenty-dollar bills
for leaves. Its flowers were government bonds. Its fruit was diamonds. It attracted human
beings who killed each other around the roots and made very good fertilizer.
 So it goes.
 Billy Pilgrim parked his Cadillac in the alley, and waited for the meeting to end. When
the meeting broke up, there was still one boy Trout had to deal with. The boy wanted to
quit because the work was so hard and the hours were so long and the pay was so small.
Trout was concerned, because, if the boy really quit, Trout would have to deliver the
boy's route himself, until he could find another sucker.
 'What are you?' Trout asked the boy scornfully. 'Some kind of gutless wonder?'
 This, too, was the title of a book by Trout, The Gutless Wonder. It was about a robot
who had bad breath, who became popular after his halitosis was cured. But what made
the story remarkable, since it was written in 1932, was that it predicted the widespread
use of burning jellied gasoline on human beings.
 It was dropped on them from airplanes. Robots did the dropping. They had no
conscience, and no circuits which would allow them to imagine what was happening to
the people on the ground.
 Trout's leading robot looked like a human being, and could talk and dance and so on,
and go out with girls. And nobody held it against him that he dropped jellied gasoline on
people. But they found his halitosis unforgivable. But then he cleared that up, and he was
welcomed to the human race.
 Trout lost his argument with the boy who wanted to quit. He told the boy about all the
millionaires who had carried newspapers as boys, and the boy replied: 'Yeah-but I bet
they quit after a week, it's such a royal screwing.'
 And the boy left his full newspaper bag at Trout's feet, with the customer book on top.
It was up to Trout to deliver these papers. He didn't have a car. He didn't even have a
bicycle, and he was scared to death of dogs.
 Somewhere a big dog barked.
 As Trout lugubriously slung the bag from his shoulder, Billy Pilgrim approached him.
 'Mr. Trout-'
 'Yes?'
 "Are-are you Kilgore Trout?
 'Yes.' Trout supposed that Billy had some complaint about the way his newspapers
were being delivered. He did not think of himself as a writer for the simple reason that
the world had never allowed him to think of himself in this way.
 'The-the writer?' said Billy.
 'The what?'
 Billy was certain that he had made a mistake. 'There's a writer named Kilgore Trout.'
 'There is?' Trout looked foolish and dazed.
 'You never heard of him?'
 Trout shook his head. 'Nobody-nobody ever did.'
 Billy helped Trout deliver his papers, driving him from house to house in the Cadillac.
Billy was the responsible one, finding the houses, checking them off. Trout's mind was
blown. He had never met a fan before, and Billy was such an avid fan.
 Trout told him that he had never seen a book of his advertised, reviewed, or on sale.
'All these years' he said, 'I've been opening the window and making love to the world.'
 'You must surely have gotten letters,' said Billy. 'I've felt like writing you letters many
times.'
 Trout held up a single finger. 'One.'
 'Was it enthusiastic?'
 'It was insane. The writer said I should be President of the World.'
 It turned out that the person who had written this letter was Elliot Rosewater, Billy's
friend in the veterans' hospital near Lake Placid. Billy told Trout about Rosewater.
 'My God-I thought he was about fourteen years old,' said Trout.
 "A full grown man-a captain in the war.'
 'He writes like a fourteen-year-old,' said Kilgore Trout.
 Billy invited Trout to his eighteenth wedding anniversary which was only two days
hence. Now the party was in progress.
 Trout was in Billy's dining room, gobbling canaps. He was talking with a mouthful of
Philadelphia cream cheese and salmon roe to an optometrist's wife. Everybody at the
party was associated with optometry in some way, except Trout. And he alone was
without glasses. He was making a great hit. Everybody was glad to have a real author at
the party, even though they had never read his books.
 Trout was talking to a Maggie White, who had given up being a dental assistant to
become a homemaker for an optometrist. She was very pretty. The last book she had read
was Ivanhoe.
 Billy Pilgrim stood nearby, listening. He was palpating something in his pocket. It was
a present he was about to give his Wife, a white satin box containing a star sapphire
cocktail ring. The ring was worth eight hundred dollars.
 The adulation that Trout was receiving, mindless and illiterate as it was, affected Trout
like marijuana. He was happy and loud and impudent.
 'I'm afraid I don't read as much as I ought to,' said Maggie.
 'We're all afraid of something,' Trout replied. 'I'm afraid of cancer and rats and
Doberman pinschers.'
 'I should know, but I don't, so I have to ask,' said Maggie, 'what's the most famous
thing you ever wrote?'
 'It was about a funeral for a great French chef.'
 'That sounds interesting.'
 'All the great chefs in the world are there. It's a beautiful ceremony.' Trout was making
this up as he went along. 'Just before the casket is closed, the mourners sprinkle parsley
and paprika on the deceased.' So it goes.
 'Did that really happen?' said Maggie White. She was a dull person, but a sensational
invitation to make babies. Men looked at her and wanted to fill her up with babies right
away. She hadn't had even one baby yet. She used birth control.
 'Of course it happened,' Trout told her. 'If I wrote something that hadn't really
happened, and I tried to sell it, I could go to jail. That's fraud!'
 Maggie believed him. 'I'd never thought about that before.'
 'Think about it now.'
 'It's like advertising. You have to tell the truth in advertising, or you get in trouble.'
 'Exactly. The same body of laws applies.'
 'Do you think you might put us in a book sometime?'
 'I put everything that happens to me in books.'
 'I guess I better be careful what I say.'
 'That's right. And I'm not the only one who's listening. God is listening, too. And on
Judgment Day he's going to tell you all the things you said and did. If it turns out they're
bad things instead of good things, that's too bad for you, because you'll burn forever and
ever. The burning never stops hurting.'
 Poor Maggie turned gray. She believed that too, and was petrified.
 Kilgore Trout laughed uproariously. A salmon egg flew out of his mouth and landed in
Maggie's cleavage.
 Now an optometrist called for attention. He proposed a toast to Billy and Valencia,
whose anniversary it was. According to plan, the barbershop quartet of optometrists, 'The
Febs,' sang while people drank and Billy and Valencia put their arms around each other,
just glowed. Everybody's eyes were shining. The song was 'That Old Gang of Mine.'
 Gee, that song went, but I'd give the world to see that old gang of mine. And so on. A
little later it said. So long forever, old fellows and gals, so long forever old sweethearts
and pals-God bless 'em-And so on.
 Unexpectedly, Billy Pilgrim found himself upset by the song and the occasion. He had
never had an old gang, old sweethearts and pals, but he missed one anyway, as the quartet
made slow, agonized experiments with chords-chords intentionally sour, sourer still,
unbearably sour, and then a chord that was suffocatingly sweet, and then some sour ones
again. Billy had powerful psychosomatic responses to the changing chords. His mouth
filled with the taste of lemonade, and his face became grotesque, as though he really were
being stretched on the torture engine called the rack.
 He looked so peculiar that several people commented on it solicitously when the song
was done. They thought he might have been having a heart attack, and Billy seemed to
confirm this by going to a chair and sitting down haggardly.
 There was silence.
 'Oh my God,' said Valencia, leaning over him, 'Billy-are you all right?'
 'Yes.'
 'You look so awful.'
 'Really-I'm O.K.' And he was, too, except that he could find no explanation for why the
song had affected him so grotesquely. He had supposed for years that he had no secrets
from himself. Here was proof that he had a great big secret somewhere inside, and he
could not imagine what it was.
 People drifted away now, seeing the color return to Billy's cheeks, seeing him smile.
Valencia stayed with him, and Kilgore Trout, who had been on the fringe of the crowd,
came closer, interested, shrewd.
 'You looked as though you'd seen a ghost,' said Valencia.
 'No,' said Billy. He hadn't seen anything but what was really before him-the faces of
the four singers, those four ordinary men, cow-eyed and mindless and anguished as they
went from sweetness to sourness to sweetness again.
 'Can I make a guess?' said Kilgore Trout 'You saw through a time window.'
 'A what?' said Valencia.
 'He suddenly saw the past or the future. Am I right?'
 'No,' said Billy Pilgrim. He got up, put a hand into his pocket, found the box containing
the ring in there. He took out the box, gave it absently to Valencia. He had meant to give
it to her at the end of the song, while everybody was watching. Only Kilgore Trout was
there to see.
 'For me?' said Valencia.
 'Yes'
 'Oh my God', she said. Then she said it louder, so other people heard. They gathered
around, and she opened it, and she almost screamed when she saw the sapphire with a
star in it. 'Oh my God,' she said. She gave Billy a big kiss. She said, 'Thank you, thank
you, thank you.'
 There was a lot of talk about what wonderful jewelry Billy had given to Valencia over
the years. 'My God,' said Maggie White, 'she's already got the biggest diamond I ever saw
outside of a movie.' She was talking about the diamond Billy had brought back from the
war.
 The partial denture he had found inside his little impresario's coat, incidentally, was in
his cufflinks box in his dresser drawer. Billy had a wonderful collection of cufflinks. It
was the custom of the family to give him cufflinks on every Father's Day. He was
wearing Father's Day cufflinks now. They had cost over one hundred dollars. They were
made out of ancient Roman coins. He had one pair of cufflinks upstairs which were little
roulette wheels that really worked. He had another pair which had a real thermometer in
one and a real compass in the other.
 Billy now moved about the party-outwardly normal. Kilgore Trout was shadowing
him, keen to know what Billy had suspected or seen. Most of Trout's novels, after all,
dealt with time warps and extrasensory perception and other unexpected things. Trout
believed in things like that, was greedy to have their existence proved.
 'You ever put a full-length mirror on the floor, and then have a dog stand on it?' Trout
asked Billy.
 'No.'
 'The dog will look down, and all of a sudden he'll realize there's nothing under him. He
thinks he's standing on thin air. He'll jump a mile.'
 'He will?'
 That's how you looked-as though you all of a sudden realized you were standing on
thin air.'
 The barbershop quartet sang again. Billy was emotionally racked again. The
experience was definitely associated with those four men and not what they sang.
 Here is what they sang, while Billy was pulled apart inside:
 'Leven cent cotton, forty cent meat,
 How in the world can a poor man eat?
 Pray for the sunshine, 'cause it will rain.
 Things gettin' worse, drivin' all insane;
 Built a nice bar, painted it brown
 Lightnin' came along and burnt it down:
 No use talkin' any man's beat,
 With 'leven cent cotton and forty cent meat.
 'Leven cent cotton, a car-load of tax,
 The load's too heavy for our poor backs
 And so on.
 Billy fled upstairs in his nice white home.
 Trout would have come upstairs with him if Billy hadn't told him not to. Then Billy
went into the upstairs bathroom, which was dark. He closed and locked the door. He left
it dark, and gradually became aware that he was not alone. His son was in there.
 'Dad?' his son said in the dark. Robert, the future Green Beret, was seventeen then.
Billy liked him, but didn't know him very well. Billy couldn't help suspecting that there
wasn't much to know about Robert.
 Billy flicked on the light. Robert was sitting on the toilet with his pajama bottoms
around his ankles. He was wearing an electric guitar, slung around his neck on a strap. He
had just bought the guitar that day. He couldn't play it yet and, in fact, never learned to
play it. It was a nacreous pink.
 'Hello, son,' said Billy Pilgrim.
 Billy went into his bedroom, even though there were guests to be entertained
downstairs. He lay down on his bed, turned on the Magic Fingers. The mattress trembled,
drove a dog out from under the bed. The dog was Spot. Good old Spot was still alive in
those days. Spot lay down again in a corner.
 Billy thought hard about the effect the quartet had had on him, and then found an
association with an experience he had had long ago. He did not travel in time to the
experience. He remembered it shimmeringly-as follows:
 He was down in the meat locker on the night that Dresden was destroyed. There were
sounds like giant footsteps above. Those were sticks of high-explosive bombs. The giants
walked and walked. The meat locker was a very safe shelter. All that happened down
there was an occasional shower of calcimine. The Americans and four of their guards and
a few dressed carcasses were down there, and nobody else. The rest of the guards had,
before the raid began, gone to the comforts of their own homes in Dresden. They were all
being killed with their families.
 So it goes.
 The girls that Billy had seen naked were all being killed, too, in a much shallower
shelter in another part of the stockyards.
 So it goes.
 A guard would go to the head of the stairs every so often to see what it was like
outside, then he would come down and whisper to the other guards. There was a firestorm
out there. Dresden was one big flame. The one flame ate everything organic,
everything that would burn.
 It wasn't safe to come out of the shelter until noon the next day. When the Americans
and their guards did come out, the sky was black with smoke. The sun was an angry little
pinhead. Dresden was like the moon now nothing but minerals. The stones were hot.
Everybody else in the neighborhood was dead.
 So it goes.
 The guards drew together instinctively, rolled their eyes. They experimented with one
expression and then another, said nothing, though their mouths were often open. They
looked like a silent film of a barbershop quartet.
 'So long forever,' they might have been singing, 'old fellows and pals; So long forever,
old sweethearts and pals-God bless 'em-'
 'Tell me a story,' Montana Wildhack said to Billy Pilgrim in the Tralfamadorian zoo
one time. They were in bed side by side. They had privacy. The canopy covered the
dome. Montana was six months pregnant now, big and rosy, lazily demanding small
favors from Billy from time to time. She couldn't send Billy out for ice cream or
strawberries, since the atmosphere outside the dome was cyanide, and the nearest
strawberries and ice cream were millions of light years away.
 She could send him to the refrigerator, which was decorated with the blank couple on
the bicycle built for two-or, as now she could wheedle, 'Tell me a story, Billy boy.'
 'Dresden was destroyed on the night of February 13, 1945,' Billy Pilgrim began. 'We
came out of our shelter the next day.' He told Montana about the four guards who, in their
astonishment and grief, resembled a barber-shop quartet. He told her about the stockyards
with all the fenceposts gone, with roofs and windows gone-told her about seeing little
logs lying around. These were people who had been caught in the firestorm. So it goes.
 Billy told her what had happened to the buildings that used to form cliffs around the
stockyards. They had collapsed. Their wood had been consumed, and their stones had
crashed down, had tumbled against one another until they locked at last in low and
graceful curves.
 'It was like the moon,' said Billy Pilgrim.
 The guards told the Americans to form in ranks of four, which they did. Then they had
them march back to the hog barn which had, been their home. Its walls still stood, but its
windows and roof were gone, and there was nothing inside but ashes and dollops of
melted glass. It was realized then that there was no food or water, and that the survivors,
if they were going to continue to survive, were going to have to climb over curve after
curve on the face of the moon.
 Which they did.
 The curves were smooth only when seen from a distance. The people climbing them
learned that they were treacherous, jagged things-hot to the touch, often unstable--eager,
should certain important rocks be disturbed, to tumble some more, to form lower, more
solid curves.
 Nobody talked much as the expedition crossed the moon. There was nothing
appropriate to say. One thing was clear: Absolutely everybody in the city was supposed
to be dead, regardless of what they were, and that anybody that moved in it represented a
flaw in the design. There were to be no moon men at all.
 American fighter planes came in under the smoke to see if anything was moving. They
saw Billy and the rest moving down there. The planes sprayed them with machine-gun
bullets, but the bullets missed. Then they saw some other people moving down by the
riverside and they shot at them. They hit some of them. So it goes.
 The idea was to hasten the end of the war.
 Billy's story ended very curiously in a suburb untouched by fire and explosions. The
guards and the Americans came at nightfall to an inn which was open for business. There
was candlelight. There were fires in three fireplaces downstairs. There were empty tables
and chairs waiting for anyone who might come, and empty beds with covers turned down
upstairs.
 There was a blind innkeeper and his sighted wife, who was the cook, and their two
young daughters, who worked as waitresses and maids. This family knew that Dresden
was gone. Those with eyes had seen it burn and burn, understood that they were on the
edge of a desert now. Still-they had opened for business, had polished the glasses and
wound the clocks and stirred the fires, and waited and waited to see who would come.
 There was no great flow of refugees from Dresden. The clocks ticked on, the crackled,
the translucent candles dripped. And then there was a knock on the door, and in came
four guards and one hundred American prisoners of war.
 The innkeeper asked the guards if they had come from the city.
 'Yes.'
 Are there more people coming?'
 And the guards said that, on the difficult route they had chosen, they had not seen
another living soul.
 The blind innkeeper said that the Americans could sleep in his stable that night, and he
gave them soup and ersatz coffee and a little beer. Then he came out to the stable to listen
to them bedding down in the straw.
 'Good night, Americans,' he said in German. 'Sleep well.'
Nine
Here is how Billy Pilgrim lost his wife, Valencia.
 He was unconscious in the hospital in Vermont, after the airplane crash on Sugarbush
Mountain, and Valencia, having heard about the crash, was driving from Ilium to the
hospital in the family Cadillac El Dorado Coupe de Ville. Valencia was hysterical,
because she had been told frankly that Billy might die, or that, if he lived, he might be a
vegetable.
 Valencia adored Billy. She was crying and yelping so hard as she drove that she
missed the correct turnoff from the throughway. She applied her power brakes, and a
Mercedes slammed into her from behind. Nobody was hurt, thank God, because both
drivers were wearing seat belts. Thank God, thank God. The Mercedes lost only a
headlight. But the rear end of the Cadillac was a body-and-fender man's wet dream. The
trunk and fenders were collapsed. The gaping trunk looked like the mouth of a village
idiot who was explaining that he didn't know anything about anything. The fenders
shrugged. The bumper was at a high port arms. 'Reagan for President!' a sticker on the
bumper said. The back window was veined with cracks. The exhaust system rested on the
pavement.
 The driver of the Mercedes got out and went to Valencia, to find out if she was all
right. She blabbed hysterically about Billy and the airplane crash, and then she put her car
in gear and crossed the median divider, leaving her exhaust system behind.
 When she arrived at the hospital, people rushed to the windows to see what all the
noise was. The Cadillac, with both mufflers gone, sounded like a heavy bomber coming
in on a wing and a prayer. Valencia turned off the engine, but then she slumped against
the steering wheel, and the horn brayed steadily. A doctor and a nurse ran out to find out
what the trouble was. Poor Valencia was unconscious, overcome by carbon monoxide.
She was a heavenly azure.
 One hour later she was dead. So it goes.
 Billy knew nothing about it. He, dreamed on, and traveled in time and so forth. The
hospital was so crowded that Billy couldn't have a room to himself. He shared a room
with a Harvard history professor named Bertram Copeland Rumfoord. Rumfoord didn't
have to look at Billy, because Billy was surrounded by white linen screens on rubber
wheels. But Rumfoord could hear Billy talking to himself from time to time.
 Rumfoord's left leg was in traction. He had broken it while skiing. He was seventy
years old, but had the body and spirit of a man half that age. He had been honeymooning
with his fifth wife when he broke his leg. Her name was Lily. Lily was twenty-three.
 Just about the time poor Valencia was pronounced dead, Lily came into Billy's and
Rumfoord's room with an armload of books. Rumfoord had sent her down to Boston to
get them. He was working on a one-volume history of the United States Army Air Corps
in the Second World War. The books were about bombings and sky battles that had
happened before Lily was even born.
 'You guys go on without me,' said Billy Pilgrim deliriously, as pretty little Lily came
in. She had been an a-go-go girl when Rumfoord saw her and resolved to make her his
own. She was a high school dropout. Her I.Q. was 103. 'He scares me,' she whispered to
her husband about Billy Pilgrim.
 'He bores the hell out of me!' Rumfoord replied boomingly. 'All he does in his sleep is
quit and surrender and apologize and ask to be left alone.' Rumfoord was a retired
brigadier general in the Air Force Reserve, the official Air Force Historian, a fun
professor, the author of twenty-six books, a multimillionaire since birth, and one of the
great competitive sailors of all time. His most popular book was about sex and strenuous
athletics for men over sixty-five. Now he quoted Theodore Roosevelt whom he
resembled a lot:
 'I could carve a better man out of a banana.'
 One of the things Rumfoord had told Lily to get in Boston was a copy of President
Harry S. Truman's announcement to the world that an atomic bomb had been dropped on
Hiroshima. She had a Xerox of it, and Rumfoord asked her if she had read it.
 'No.' She didn't read well, which was one of the reasons she had dropped out of high
school.
 Rumfoord ordered her to sit down and read the Truman statement now. He didn't know
that she couldn't read much. He knew very little about her, except that she was one more
public demonstration that he was a superman.
 So Lily sat down and pretended to read the Truman thing, which went like this:
 Sixteen hours ago an American airplane dropped one bomb on Hiroshima, an
important Japanese Army base. That bomb had more power than 20,000 tons of T.N.T. It
had more than two thousand times the blast power of the British 'Grand Slam' which is
the largest bomb ever yet used in the history of warfare.
 The Japanese began the war from the air at Pearl Harbor. They have been repaid
many-fold. And the end is not yet. With this bomb we have now added a new and
revolutionary increase in destruction to supplement the growing power of our armed
forces. In their present form these bombs are now in production, and even more powerful
forms are in development.
 It is an atomic bomb. It is a harnessing of the basic power of the universe. The force
from which the sun draws its power has been loosed against those who brought war to
the Far East.
 Before 1939, it was the accepted belief of scientists that it was theoretically possible to
release atomic energy. But nobody knew any practical method of doing it. By 1942,
however, we knew that the Germans were working feverishly to find a way to add atomic
energy to all the other engines of war with which they hoped to enslave the world. But
they failed. We may be grateful to Providence that the Germans got the V-1's and V-2's
late and in limited quantities and even more grateful that they did not get the atomic
bomb at all.
 The battle of the laboratories held-fateful risks for us as well as the battles of the air,
land and sea, and we have now won the battle of the laboratories as we have won the
other battles.
 We are now prepared to obliterate more rapidly and completely every productive
enterprise the Japanese have above ground in any city, said Harry Truman. We shall
destroy their docks, their factories and their communications. Let there be no mistake; we
shall completely destroy Japan's power to make war. It was to spare-
 And so on.
 One of the books that Lily had brought Rumfoord was The Destruction of Dresden by
an Englishman named David Irving. It was an American edition, published by Holt,
Rinehart and Winston in 1964. What Rumfoord wanted from it were portions of the
forewords by his friends Ira C. Eaker, Lieutenant General, U.S.A.F., retired, and British
Air Marshal Sir Robert Saundby, K.C.B., K.B.E., M.C., D.F.C., A.F.C.
 I find it difficult to understand Englishmen or Americans .who weep about enemy
civilians who were killed but who have not shed a tear for our gallant crews lost in
combat with a cruel enemy, wrote his friend General Eaker in part. I think it would have
been well for Mr. Irving to have remembered, when he was drawing the frightful picture
of the civilian killed at Dresden, that V-1's and V-2's were at that very time failing on
England, killing civilian men, women and children indiscriminately, as they were
designed and launched to do. It might be well to remember Buchenwald and Coventry,
too.
 Eaker's foreword ended this way:
 I deeply regret that British and U.S. bombers killed 135,000 people in the attack on
Dresden, but I remember who started the last war and I regret even more the loss of more
than 5,000,000, Allied lives in the necessary effort to completely defeat and utterly
destroy nazism.
 So it goes.
 What Air Marshal Saundby said, among other things, was this
 That the bombing of Dresden was a great tragedy none can deny. That it was really a
military necessity few, after reading this book, will believe. It was one of those terrible
things that sometimes happen in wartime, brought about by an unfortunate combination
of circumstances. Those who approved it were neither wicked nor cruel, though it may
well be that they were too remote from the harsh realities of war to understand fully the
appalling destructive power of air bombardment in the spring of 1945
 The advocates of nuclear disarmament seem to believe that, if they could achieve their
aim, war would become tolerable and decent. They would do well to read this book and
ponder the fate of Dresden, where 135,000 people died as the result of an air attack with
conventional weapons. On the night of March 9th, 1945, an air attack on Tokyo by
American heavy bombers, using incendiary and high explosive bombs, caused the death
of 83,793 people. The atom bomb dropped on Hiroshima killed 71,379 people.
 So it goes.
 'If you're ever in Cody, Wyoming,' said Billy Pilgrim behind his white linen screens,
'just ask for Wild Bob.'
 Lily Rumfoord shuddered, went on pretending to read the Harry Truman thing.
 Billy's daughter Barbara came in later that day. She was all doped up, had the same
glassy-eyed look that poor old Edgar Derby wore just before he was shot in Dresden.
Doctors had given her pills so she could continue to function, even though her father was
broken and her mother was dead.
 So it goes.
 She was accompanied by a doctor and a nurse. Her brother Robert was flying home
from a battlefield in Vietnam. 'Daddy,' she said tentatively. 'Daddy? '
 But Billy was ten years away, back in 1958. He was examining the eyes of a young
male Mongolian idiot in order to prescribe corrective lenses. The idiot's mother was
there, acting as an interpreter.
 'How many dots do you see?' Billy Pilgrim asked him.
 And then Billy traveled in time to when he was sixteen years old, in the waiting room
of a doctor. Billy had an infected thumb. There was only one other patient waiting-an old,
old man. The old man was in agony because of gas. He farted tremendously, and then he
belched.
 'Excuse me,' he said to Billy. Then he did it again. 'Oh God he said, 'I knew it was
going to be bad getting old.' He shook his head. 'I didn't know it was going to be this bad.'
 Billy Pilgrim opened his eyes in the hospital in Vermont, did not know where he was.
Watching him was his son Robert. Robert was wearing the uniform of the famous Green
Berets. Robert's hair was short, was wheat-colored bristles. Robert was clean and neat.
He was decorated with a Purple Heart and a Silver Star and a Bronze Star with two
clusters.
 This was a boy who had flunked out of high school, who had been an alcoholic at
sixteen, who had run with a rotten bunch of kids, who had been arrested for tipping over
hundreds of tombstones in a Catholic cemetery one time. He was all straightened out
now. His posture was wonderful and his shoes were shined and his trousers were pressed,
and he was a leader of men.
 'Dad?'
 Billy Pilgrim closed his eyes again.
 Billy had to miss his wife's funeral because he was still so sick. He was conscious,
though, while Valencia was being put into the ground in Ilium. Billy hadn't said much
since regaining consciousness, hadn't responded very elaborately to the news of
Valencia's death and Robert's coming home from the war and so on-so it was generally
believed that he was a vegetable. There was talk of performing an operation on him later,
one which might improve the circulation of blood to his brain.
 Actually, Billy's outward listlessness was a screen. The listlessness concealed a mind
which was fizzing and flashing thrillingly. It was preparing letters and lectures about the
flying saucers, the negligibility of death and the true nature of time.
 Professor Rumfoord said frightful things about Billy within Billy's hearing, confident
that Billy no longer had any brain at all. 'Why don't they let him die?' he asked Lily.
 'I don't know, she said.
 'That's not a human being anymore. Doctors are for human beings. They should turn
him over to a veterinarian or a tree surgeon. They'd know what to do. Look at him! That's
life, according to the medical profession. Isn't life wonderful?'
 'I don't know,' said Lily.
 Rumfoord talked to Lily about the bombing of Dresden one time, and Billy heard it all.
Rumfoord had a problem about Dresden. His one-volume history of the Army Air Force
in the Second World War was supposed to be a readable condensation of the twentyseven-volume
Official History of the Army Air Force in World War Two. The thing was,
though, there was almost nothing in the twenty-seven volumes about the Dresden raid,
even though it had been such a howling success. The extent of the success had been kept
a secret for many years after the war-a secret from the American people. It was no secret
from the Germans, of course, or from the Russians, who occupied Dresden after the war,
who are in Dresden still.
 'Americans have finally heard about Dresden,' said Rumfoord, twenty-three years after
the raid. 'A lot of them know now how much worse it was than Hiroshima. So I've got to
put something about it in my book. From the official Air Force standpoint, it'll all be
new.'
 'Why would they keep it a secret so long?' said Lily.
 'For fear that a lot of bleeding hearts' said Rumfoord, 'might not think it was such a
wonderful thing to do.'
 It was now that Billy Pilgrim spoke up intelligently. 'I was there' he said.
 It was difficult for Rumfoord to take Billy seriously, since Rumfoord, had so long
considered Billy a repulsive non-person who would be much better off dead. Now, with
Billy speaking clearly and to the point, Rumfoord's ears wanted to treat the words as a
foreign language that was not worth learning. 'What did he say?' said Rumfoord.
 Lily had to serve as an interpreter. 'He said he was there.' she explained.
 'He was where?
 'I don't know,' said Lily. 'Where were you?' she asked Billy.
 'Dresden' said Billy.
 'Dresden,' Lily told Rumfoord.
 'He's simply echoing things we say,' said Rumfoord.
 'Oh, ' said Lily.
 'He's got echolalia now.'
 'Oh.'
 Echolalia is a mental disease which makes people immediately repeat things that well
people around them say. But Billy didn't really have it. Rumfoord simply insisted, for his
own comfort, that Billy had it. Rumfoord was thinking in a military manner: that an
inconvenient person, one whose death he wished for very much, for practical reasons,
was suffering from a repulsive disease.
 Rumfoord went on insisting for several hours that Billy had echolalia-told nurses and a
doctor that Billy had echolalia now. Some experiments were performed on Billy. Doctors
and nurses tried to get Billy to echo something, but Billy wouldn't make a sound for
them.
 'He isn't doing it now,' said Rumfoord peevishly. 'The minute you go away, he'll start
doing it again.'
 Nobody took Rumfoord's diagnosis seriously. The staff thought Rumfoord was a
hateful old man, conceited and cruel. He often said to them, in one way or another, that
people who were weak deserved to die. Whereas the staff, of course, was devoted to the
idea that weak people should be helped as much as possible, that nobody should die.
 There in the hospital, Billy was having an adventure very common among people
without power in time of war: He was trying to prove to a wilfully deaf and blind enemy
that he was interesting to hear and see. He kept silent until the lights went out at night,
and then, when there had been a long silence containing nothing to echo, he said to
Rumfoord, 'I was in Dresden when it was bombed. I was a prisoner of war.' Rumfoord
sighed impatiently.
 'Word of honor,' said Billy Pilgrim. 'Do you believe me?'
 'Must we talk about it now?' said Rumfoord. He had heard. He didn't believe.
 'We don't ever have to talk about it,' said Billy. 'I just want you to know: I was there.'
 Nothing more was said about Dresden that night, and Billy closed his eyes, traveled in
time to a May afternoon, two days after the end of the Second World War in Europe.
Billy and five other American prisoners were riding in a coffin-shaped green wagon,
which they had found abandoned complete with two horses, in a suburb of Dresden. Now
they were being drawn by the clop-clop-clopping horses down narrow lanes which had
been cleared through the moonlike ruins. They were going back to the slaughterhouse for
souvenirs of the war. Billy was reminded of the sounds of milkmen's horses early in the
morning in Ilium, when he was a boy.
 Billy sat in the back of the jiggling coffin. His head was tilted back and his nostrils
were flaring. He was happy. He was warm. There was food in the wagon, and wine-and a
camera, and a stamp collection, and a stuffed owl, and a mantel clock that ran on changes
of barometric pressure. The Americans had gone into empty houses in the suburb where
they had been imprisoned, and they had taken these and many other things.
 The owners, hearing that the Russians were coming, killing and robbing and raping
and burning, had fled.
 But the Russians hadn't come yet, even two days after the war. It was peaceful in the
ruins. Billy saw only one other person on the way to the slaughterhouse. It was an old
man pushing a baby buggy. In the buggy were pots and cups and an umbrella frame, and
other things he had found.
 Billy stayed in the wagon when it reached the slaughterhouse, sunning himself. The
others went looking for souvenirs. Later on in life, the Tralfamadorians would advise
Billy to concentrate on the happy moments of his life, and to ignore the unhappy ones-to
stare only at pretty things as eternity failed to go by. If this sort of selectivity had been
possible for Billy, he might have chosen as his happiest moment his sun-drenched snooze
in the back of the wagon.
 Billy Pilgrim was armed as he snoozed. It was the first time he had been armed since
basic training. His companions had insisted that he arm himself, since God only knew
what sorts of killers might be in burrows on the face of the moon-wild dogs, packs of rats
fattened on corpses, escaped maniacs and murderers, soldiers who would never quit
killing until they themselves were killed.
 Billy had a tremendous cavalry pistol in his belt. It was a relic of the First World War.
It had a ring in its butt. It was loaded with bullets the size of robins' eggs. Billy had found
it in the bedside table in a house. That was one of the things about the end of the war:
Absolutely anybody who wanted a weapon could have one. They were lying all around.
Billy had a saber, too. It was a Luftwaffe ceremonial saber. Its hilt was stamped with a
screaming eagle. The eagle was carrying a swastika and looking down. Billy found it
stuck into a telephone pole. He had pulled it out of the pole as the wagon went by.
 Now his snoozing became shallower as be heard a man and a woman speaking German
in pitying tones. The speakers were commiserating with somebody lyrically. Before Billy
opened his eyes, it seemed to him that the tones might have been those used by the
friends of Jesus when they took His ruined body down from His cross. So it goes.
 Billy opened his eyes. A middle-aged man and wife were crooning to the horses. They
were noticing what the Americans had not noticed-that the horses' mouths were bleeding,
gashed by the bits, that the horses' hooves were broken, so that every step meant agony,
that the horses were insane with thirst. The Americans had treated their form of
transportation as though it were no more sensitive than a six-cylinder Chevrolet.
 These two horse pitiers moved back along the wagon to where they could gaze in
patronizing reproach at Billy-at Billy Pilgrim, who was so long and weak, so ridiculous in
his azure toga and silver shoes. They weren't afraid of him. They weren't afraid of
anything. They were doctors, both obstetricians. They had been delivering babies until
the hospitals were all burned down. Now they were picnicking near where their
apartment used to be.
 The woman was softly beautiful, translucent from having eaten potatoes for so long.
The man wore a business suit, necktie and all. Potatoes had made him gaunt. He was as
tall as Billy, wore steel-rimmed tri-focals. This couple, so involved with babies, had
never reproduced themselves, though they could have. This was an interesting comment
on the whole idea of reproduction.
 They had nine languages between them. They tried Polish on Billy Pilgrim first, since
he was dressed so clownishly, since the wretched Poles were the involuntary clowns of
the Second World War.
 Billy asked them in English what it was they wanted, and they at once scolded him in
English for the condition of the horses. They made Billy get out of the wagon and come
look at the horses. When Billy saw the condition of his means of transportation, he burst
into tears. He hadn't cried about anything else in the war.
 Later on, as a middle-aged optometrist, he would weep quietly and privately
sometimes, but never make loud boo-hoo-ing noises.
 Which is why the epigraph of this book is the quatrain from the famous Christmas
carol. Billy cried very little, though he often saw things worth crying about, and in that
respect, at least, he resembled the Christ of the Carol:
 The cattle are lowing,
 The Baby awakes.
 But the little Lord Jesus
 No crying He makes.
 Billy traveled in time back to the hospital in Vermont. Breakfast had been eaten and
cleared away and Professor Rumfoord was reluctantly becoming interested in Billy as a
human being. Rumfoord questioned Billy gruffly, satisfied himself that Billy really had
been in Dresden. He asked Billy what it had been like, and Billy told him about the
horses and the couple picnicking on the moon.
 The story ended this way. Billy and the doctors unharnessed the horses, but the horses
wouldn't go anywhere. Their feet hurt too much. And then Russians came on
motorcycles, and they arrested everybody but the horses.
 Two days after that, Billy was turned over to the Americans, who shipped him home
on a very slow freighter called the Lucretia A. Mott. Lucretia A. Mott was a famous
American suffragette. She was dead. So it goes.
 'It had to be done,' Rumfoord told Billy, speaking of the destruction of Dresden.
 'I know,' said Billy.
 'That's war.'
 'I know. I'm not complaining.'
 'It must have been hell on the ground.'
 'It was,' said Billy Pilgrim.
 'Pity the men who had to do it.'
 'I do.'
 'You must have had mixed feelings, there on the ground.'
 'It was all right.' said Billy. 'Everything is all right, and everybody has to do exactly
what he does. I learned that on Tralfamadore.'
 Billy Pilgrim's daughter took him home later that day, put him to bed in his house,
turned the Magic Fingers on. There was a practical nurse there. Billy wasn't supposed to
work or even leave the house for a while, at least. He was under observation.
 But Billy sneaked out while the nurse wasn't watching and he drove to New York City,
where he hoped to appear on television. He was going to tell the world about the lessons
of Tralfamadore.
 Billy Pilgrim checked into the Royalton Hotel on Forty-fourth Street in New York. He
by chance was given a room which had once been the home of George Jean Nathan, the
critic and editor. Nathan, according to the Earthling concept of time, had died back in
1958. According to the Tralfamadorian concept, of course. Nathan was still alive
somewhere and always would be.
 The room was small and simple, except that it was on the top floor, and had French
doors which opened onto a terrace as large as the room. And beyond the parapet of the
terrace was the air space over Forty-fourth Street. Billy now leaned over that parapet,
looked down at all the people moving hither and yon. They were jerky little scissors.
They were a lot of fun.
 It was a chilly night, and Billy came indoors after a while, closed the French doors.
Closing those doors reminded him of his honeymoon. There had been French doors on
the Cape Ann love nest of his honeymoon, still were, always would be.
 Billy turned on his television set checking its channel selector around and around. He
was looking for programs on which he might be allowed to appear. But it was too early in
the evening for programs that allowed people with peculiar opinions to speak out. It was
only a little after eight o'clock, so all the shows were about silliness or murder. So it goes.
 Billy left his room, went down the slow elevator, walked over to Times Square, looked
into the window of a tawdry bookstore. In the window were hundreds of books about
fucking and buggery and murder, and a street guide to New York City, and a model of
the Statue of Liberty with a thermometer on it. Also in the window, speckled with soot
and fly shit, were four paperback novels by Billy's friend, Kilgore Trout.
 The news of the day, meanwhile, was being written in a ribbon of lights on a building
to Billy's back. The window reflected the news. It was about power and sports and anger
and death. So it goes.
 Billy went into the bookstore.
 A sign in there said that adults only were allowed in the back. There were peep shows
in the back that showed movies of young women and men with no clothes on. It cost a
quarter to look into a machine for one minute. There were still photographs of naked
young people for sale back there, too. You could take those home. The stills were a lot
more Tralfamadorian than the movies, since you could look at them whenever you
wanted to, and they wouldn't change. Twenty years in the future, those girls would still
be young, would still be smiling or smoldering or simply looking stupid, with their legs
wide open. Some of them were eating lollipops or bananas. They would still be eating
those. And the peckers of the young men would still be semi-erect, and their muscles
would be bulging like cannonballs.
 But Billy Pilgrim wasn't beguiled by the back of the store. He was thrilled by the
Kilgore Trout novels in the front. The tides were all new to him, or he thought they were.
Now he opened one. It seemed all right for him to do that. Everybody else in the store
was pawing things. The name of the book was The Big Board. He got a few paragraphs
into it, and then realized that he had read it before-years ago, in the veterans' hospital. It
was about an Earthling man and woman who were kidnapped by extra-terrestrials. They
were put on display in a zoo on a planet called Zircon-212.
 These fictitious people in the zoo had a big board supposedly showing stock market,
quotations and commodity prices along one wall of their habitat, and a news ticker, and a
telephone that was supposedly connected to a brokerage on Earth. The creatures on
Zircon-212 told their captives that they had invested a million dollars for them back on
Earth, and that it was up to the captives to manage it so that they would be fabulously
wealthy when they returned to Earth.
 The telephone and the big board and the ticker were all fakes, of-course. They were
simply stimulants to make the Earthlings perform vividly for the crowds at the zoo--to
make them jump up and down and cheer, or gloat, or sulk, or tear their hair, to be scared
shitless or to feel as contented as babies in their mothers' arms.
 The Earthlings did very well on paper. That was part of the rigging, of course. And
religion got mixed up in it, too. The news ticker reminded them that the President of the
United States had declared National Prayer Week, and that everybody should pray. The
Earthlings had had a bad week on the market before that. They had lost a small fortune in
olive oil futures. So they gave praying a whirl.
 It worked. Olive oil went up.
 Another Kilgore Trout book there in the window was about a man who built a time
machine so he could go back and see Jesus. It worked, and he saw Jesus when Jesus was
only twelve years old. Jesus was learning the carpentry trade from his father.
 Two Roman soldiers came into the shop with a mechanical drawing on papyrus of a
device they wanted built by sunrise the next morning. It was a cross to be used in the
execution of a rabble-rouser.
 Jesus and his father built it. They were glad to have the work. And the rabble-rouser
was executed on it.
 So it goes.
 The bookstore was run by seeming quintuplets, by five short, bald men chewing unfit
cigars that were sopping wet. They never smiled, and each one had a stool to perch on.
They were making money running a paper-and-celluloid whorehouse.
 They didn't have hard-ons. Neither did Billy Pilgrim. Everybody else did. It was a
ridiculous store, all about love and babies.
 The clerks occasionally told somebody to buy or get out, not to just look and look and
look and paw and paw. Some of the people were looking at each other instead of the
merchandise.
 A clerk came up to Billy and told him the good stuff was in the back, that the books
Billy was reading were window dressing. 'That ain't what you want, for Christ's sake,' he
told Billy 'What you want's in back.'
 So Billy moved a little farther back, but not as far as the part for adults only. He moved
because of absentminded politeness, taking a Trout book with him-the one about Jesus
and the time machine.
 The time-traveler in the book went back to Bible times to find out one thing in
particular: Whether or not Jesus had really died on the cross, or whether he had been
taken down while still alive, whether he had really gone on living. The hero had a
stethoscope along.
 Billy skipped to the end of the book, where the hero mingled with the people who were
taking Jesus down from the cross. The time-traveler was the first one up the ladder,
dressed in clothes of the period, and he leaned close to Jesus so people couldn't see him
use the stethoscope, and he listened.
 There wasn't a sound inside the emaciated chest cavity. The Son of God was as dead as
a doornail.
 So it goes.
 The time-traveler, whose name was Lance Corwin, also got to measure the length of
Jesus, but not to weigh him. Jesus was five feet and three and a half inches long.
 Another clerk came up to Billy and asked him if he was going to buy the book or not,
and Billy said that he wanted to buy it, please. He had his back to a rack of paperback
books about oral-genital contacts from ancient Egypt to the present and so on, and the
clerk supposed Billy was reading one of these. So he was startled when he saw what
Billy's book was. He said, 'Jesus Christ, where did you find this thing?' and so on, and he
had to tell the other clerks about the pervert who wanted to buy the window dressing. The
other clerks already knew about Billy. They had been watching him, too.
 The cash register where Billy waited for his change was near a bin of old girly
magazines. Billy looked at one out of the corner of his eye, and he saw this question on
its cover: What really became of Montana Wildhack?
 So Billy read it. He knew where Montana Wildhack really was, of course. She was
back on Tralfamadore, taking care of the baby, but the magazine, which was called
Midnight Pussycats, promised that she was wearing a cement overcoat under fathoms of
saltwater in San Pedro Bay.
 So it goes.
 Billy wanted to laugh. The magazine., which was published for lonesome men to jerk
off to, ran the story so it could print pictures taken from blue movies which Montana had
made as a teenagers Billy did not look closely at these. They were grainy things, soot and
chalk. They could have been anybody.
 Billy was again directed to the back of the store and he went this time. A jaded sailor
stepped away from a movie machine while the film was still running. Billy looked in, and
there was Montana Wildhack alone on a bed, peeling a banana. The picture clicked off.
Billy did not want to see what happened next, and a clerk importuned him to come over
and see some really hot stuff they kept under the counter for connoisseurs.
 Billy was mildly curious as to what could possibly have been kept hidden in such a
place. The clerk leered and showed him. It was a photograph of a woman and a Shetland
pony. They were attempting to have sexual intercourse between two Doric columns, in
front of velvet draperies which were fringed with deedlee-balls.
 Billy didn't get onto television in New York that night., but he did get onto a radio talk
show. There was a radio station right next to Billy's hotel. He saw its call letters over the
entrance of an office building, so he went in. He went up to the studio on an automatic
elevator, and there were other people up there, waiting to go in. They were literary critics,
and they thought Billy was one, too. They were going to discuss whether the novel was
dead or not. So it goes.
 Billy took his seat with the others around a golden oak table, with a microphone all his
own. The master of ceremonies asked him his name and what paper he was from. Billy
said he was from the Ilium Gazette.
 He was nervous and happy. 'If you're ever in Cody, Wyoming,' he told himself, 'just
ask for Wild Bob.'
 Billy put his hand up at the very first part of the program but he wasn't called on right
away. Others got in ahead of him. One of them said that it would be a nice time to bury
the novel, now that a Virginian, one hundred years after Appomattox, had written Uncle
Tom's Cabin. Another one said that people couldn't read well enough anymore to turn
print into exciting situations in their skulls, so that authors had to do what Norman Mailer
did, which was to perform in public what he had written. The master of ceremonies asked
people to say what they thought the function of the novel might be in modern society, and
one critic said, 'To provide touches of color in rooms with all-white wars.' Another one
said, 'To describe blow-jobs artistically.' Another one said, 'To teach wives of junior
executives what to buy next and how to act in a French restaurant.'
 And then Billy was allowed to speak. Off he went, in that beautifully trained voice of
his, telling about the flying saucers and Montana Wildhack and so on.
 He was gently expelled from the studio during a commercial. He went back to his hotel
room, put a quarter into the Magic Fingers machine connected to his bed, and he went to
sleep. He traveled in time back to Tralfamadore.
 'Time-traveling again?' said Montana. It was artificial evening in the dome. She was
breast-feeding their child.
 'Hmm?' said Billy.
 'You've been time-traveling again. I can always tell.'
 'Um.'
 'Where did you go this time? It wasn't the war. I can tell that, too. '
 'New York.'
 'The Big Apple.'
 'Hm?'
 'That's what they used to call New York.'
 "Oh.'
 'You see any plays or movies?'
 'No-I walked around Times Square some, bought a book by Kilgore Trout.'
 'Lucky you.' She did not share his enthusiasm for Kilgore Trout.
 Billy mentioned casually that he had seen part of a blue movie she had made. Her
response was no less casual. It was Tralfamadorian and guilt-free:
 'Yes-' she said, 'and I've heard about you in the war, about what a clown you were. And
I've heard about the high school teacher who was shot. He made a blue movie with a
firing squad.' She moved the baby from one breast to the other, because the moment was
so structured that she had to do so.
 There was a silence.
 'They're playing with the clocks again,' said Montana, rising, preparing to put the baby
into its crib. She meant that their keepers were making the electric clocks in the dome go
fast, then slow, then fast again., and watching the little Earthling family through
peepholes.
 There was a silver chain around Montana Wildhack's neck. Hanging from it, between
her breasts, was a locket containing a photograph of her alcoholic mother-grainy thing,
soot and chalk. It could have been anybody. Engraved on the outside of the locket were
these words:
GOD GRANT ME THE SERENITY
TO ACCEPT THE THINGS I
CANNOT CHANGE, COURAGE
TO CHANGE THE THINGS
I CAN, AND WISDOM
ALWAYS TO TELL THE
DIFFERENCE.
Ten
Robert Kennedy, whose summer home is eight miles from the home I live in all year
round, was shot two nights ago. He died last night. So it goes.
 Martin Luther King was shot a month ago. He died, too. So it goes.
 And every day my Government gives me a count of corpses created by military science
in Vietnam. So it goes.
 My father died many years ago now-of natural causes. So it goes. He was a sweet man.
He was a gun nut, too. He left me his guns. They rust.
 On Tralfamadore, says Billy Pilgrim, there isn't much interest in Jesus Christ. The
Earthling figure who is most engaging to the Tralfamadorian mind, he says, is Charles
Darwin-who taught that those who die are meant to die, that corpses are improvements.
So it goes.
 The same general idea appears in The Big Board by Kilgore Trout. The flying saucer
creatures who capture Trout's hero ask him about Darwin. They also ask him about golf.
 If what Billy Pilgrim learned from the Tralfamadorians is true, that we will all live
forever, no matter how dead we may sometimes seem to be, I am not overjoyed. Still-if I
am going to spend eternity visiting this moment and that, I'm grateful that so many of
those moments are nice.
 One of the nicest ones in recent times was on my trip back to Dresden with my old war
buddy, O'Hare.
 We took a Hungarian Airlines plane from East Berlin. The pilot had a handlebar
mustache. He looked like Adolph Menjou. He smoked a Cuban cigar while the plane was
being fueled. When we took off, there was no talk of fastening seat belts.
 When we were up in the air, a young steward served us rye bread and salami and butter
and cheese and white wine. The folding tray in front of me would not open out. The
steward went into the cockpit for a tool, came back with a beer-can opener. He used it to
pry out the tray.
 There were only six other passengers. They spoke many languages. They were having
nice times, too. East Germany was down below, and the lights were on. I imagined
dropping bombs on those lights, those villages and cities and towns.
 O'Hare and I had never expected to make any money-and here we were now,
extremely well-to-do.
 'If you're ever in Cody, Wyoming,' I said to him lazily, 'just ask for Wild Bob.'
 O'Hare had a little notebook with him, and printed in the back of it were postal rates
and airline distances and the altitudes of famous mountains and other key facts about the
world. He was looking up the population of Dresden, which wasn't in the notebook, when
he came across this, which he gave me to read:
 On an average, 324,000 new babies are born into the world every day. During that
same day, 10,000 persons, in an average, will have starved to death or died from
malnutrition. So it goes. In addition, 123,000 persons will die for other reasons. So it
goes. This leaves a net gain of about 191,000 each day in the world. The Population
Reference Bureau predicts that the world's total population will double to 7,000,000,000
before the year 2000.
 'I suppose they will all want dignity,' I said.
 'I suppose,' said O'Hare.
 Billy Pilgrim was meanwhile traveling back to Dresden, too, but not in the present. He
was going back there in 1945, two days after the city was destroyed. Now Billy and the
rest were being marched into the ruins by their guards. I was there. O'Hare was there. We
had spent the past two nights in the blind innkeeper's stable. Authorities had found us
there. They told us what to do. We were to borrow picks and shovels and crowbars and
wheelbarrows from our neighbors. We were to march with these implements to such and
such a place in the ruins, ready to go to work.
 There were barricades on the main roads leading into the ruins. Germans were stopped
there. They were not permitted to explore the moon.
 Prisoners of war from many lands came together that morning at such and such a place
in Dresden. It had been decreed that here was where the digging for bodies was to begin.
So the digging began.
 Billy found himself paired as a digger with a Maori, who had been captured at Tobruk.
The Maori was chocolate brown. He had whirlpools tattooed on his forehead and his
cheeks. Billy and the Maori dug into the inert, unpromising gravel of the moon. The
materials were loose, so there were constant little avalanches.
 Many holes were dug at once. Nobody knew yet what there was to find. Most holes
came to nothing-to pavement, or to boulders so huge they would not move. There was no
machinery. Not even horses or mules or oxen could cross the moonscape.
 And Billy and the Maori and others helping them with their particular hole came at last
to a membrane of timbers laced over rocks which had wedged together to form an
accidental dome. They made a hole in the membrane. There was darkness and space
under there.
 A German soldier with a flashlight went down into the darkness, was gone a long time.
When he finally came back, he told a superior on the rim of the hole that there were
dozens of bodies down there. They were sitting on benches. They were unmarked.
 So it goes.
 The superior said that the opening in the membrane should be enlarged, and that a
ladder should be put in the hole, so that bodies could be carried out. Thus began the first
corpse mine in Dresden.
 There were hundreds of corpse mines operating by and by. They didn't smell bad at
first, were wax museums. But then the bodies rotted and liquefied, and the stink was like
roses and mustard gas.
 So it goes.
 The Maori Billy had worked with died of the dry heaves, after having been ordered to
go down in that stink and work. He tore himself to pieces, throwing up and throwing up.
 So it goes.
 So a new technique was devised. Bodies weren't brought up any more. They were
cremated by soldiers with flamethrowers right where they were. The soldiers. stood
outside the shelters, simply sent the fire in.
 Somewhere in there the poor old high school teacher, Edgar Derby, was caught with a
teapot he had taken from the catacombs. He was arrested for plundering. He was tried and
shot.
 So it goes.
And somewhere in there was springtime. The corpse mines were closed down. The
soldiers all left to fight the Russians. In the suburbs, the women and children dug rifle
pits. Billy and the rest of his group were locked up in the stable in the suburbs. And then,
one morning, they got up to discover that the door was unlocked. The Second World War
in Europe was over.
 Billy and the rest wandered out onto the shady street. The trees were leafing out. There
was nothing going on out there, no traffic of any kind. There was only one vehicle, an
abandoned wagon drawn by two horses. The wagon was green and coffin-shaped.
Birds were talking.
 One bird said to Billy Pilgrim, 'Poo-tee-weet?'